For instance, they become addicted to different types of drugs; instead of taking care of the body by hurting they damage the human body.
In addition, with the rise of population, the aspiration and necessity for having private property began to grow among the people.
To make provision for trial of people accused for crime against humanity in the War of Liberation in 1971 and committing war crimes.
In 1990, the political parties of Bangladesh established democratic rule by removing the anti-people military government through unanimous opinions of all political parties.
she first inspired other women to contest in the reserved seats allocated at the local and parliament levels and then to contest in other seats.
By the established cement factories beside the Dholeshori river of Munshigonj the water, land and air are being poisonous due to pollution.
the learners can develop themselves as active and proper citizens through the exercise of various local and global games and sports.
It is easy to Steps of Home Management and Household Resources initiate an action if we know what to do and how to do.
Such as, i) Free shape or form– Except the geometrical form all kinds of shapes are called free form.
When there is an opportunity to mix with other children and to have the company of older members of the family.
In the previous lesson you have learned about the strong family bond and loving environment for the development of the child.
In a balanced diet a person gets all kinds of nutrition properly from different foods according to the need of his body.
For example- pumpkin, sweet pumpkin, arum, potatoes etc., some fruits, e.g., guava, olive, jujube, etc. and egg, ginger, garlic, onion etc.
In the older days, raw materials for embroidery were pure silk thread, threads made of gold and silver, expensive pearls and other gems etc.
Special attention has been paid to the flourishing of creative talents of the students and for selecting and presenting the topics of the textbooks.
If Bangladeshi Tk. 1 is equal to Indian 0.63 Rupee, how much Bangladeshi taka would he need for Indian 3000 Rupee?
(4) If each of equal quantities is divided by the same non-zero quantity, their quotient will also be equal to one another.
If the three sides of one triangle are equal to the three corresponding sides of another triangle, then the triangles are congruent.
In Chittagong, Noakhali and Sylhet, the indigenous people were afraid of settling in the forest zones for the fear of jinnee and wild animals.
He, observing the lack of coordinated efforts and the total disorganization of Circles, proposed the revival of the post of Director General.
The Shat Gambuj Mosque is situated in the suburbs of Bagerhat, at the meeting point of the Ganges and Brahmaputra rivers.
Write an application to the principal of your college requesting him to allow the college play-ground for a friendly football match.
Therefore, pray and hope that you would be kind enough to advance the date for the test examination by one week more and oblige.
Drug addicts move at large everywhere in the streets, in the parks, in the hospitals and even in the educational institutions.
4) Violence, killing, unrest, illegal toll collection in the industrial arena cause closure of the existing industries and create unemployment problem.
Now, write a letter to the Manager of a hotel complaining about the quality of food supplied by them in your office.
A visit to a historical place makes us forget the harsh realities of our life and within a moment we become one with those ancient people.
The playing of various kinds of motor vehicles as well as the running of mills and factories emit poisonous gas and smoke that dangerously pollute air.
Unless and until it is tackled to a radical cure, the country cannot stabilize its politics, sustain its development and deliver the goods to its people.
The other characteristics of the poem are its pictorial beauty, dramatic presentation, dreamy suggestiveness and romantic pathos, which have together made it into a lyric of unsurpassed excellence.
Mango, jackfruit, litchi, papaya, black berry, banana, pineapple, watermelon, guava, lemon, star fruit, honey dew etc are available during the summer season between May and July.
It is true, over the last few years they have become increasingly visible as providers of productive labour, but they are deprived of equal labour benefits.
But in the grading system the candidates are placed in A+, A, B, C, D and F grade in each subject and there is no first, second or third place.
But, whatever may be the volume and nature of the dictionaries, they aim at helping the people to learn particular word, term, subject and what not.
Today's children are the future adult people and if a large number of our future adults are oppressed and exploited, we cannot expect anything for the nation.
United States has taken this decision because of fire in tazrin fashions and an accident in Rana Plaza where more than 12 hundreds labor had died.
Relating education to the needs of society and producing properly trained and motivated citizens to serve those needs; removing illiteracy within such time as may be determined by law.
“The teapot went berserk and squirted boiling tea all over the place and one man ended up in the hospital with the sugar tongs clamped to his nose.
The Prime Minister repeated her appeal to declare Bangla as one of the official languages of the United Nations, spoken by about 300 million people across the world.
While exporting products for which quality control certificate is obligatory, the exporter will have to submit to the Customs Authorities a quality control certificate issued by the appropriate authority.
In order to encourage the increased use of local raw materials by composite knit or hosiery textile and clothing manufacturing units, bonded warehouse facilities will be progressively reduced.
7.8 The possibility to provide attractive and competitive rate of fare will be reviewed by Bangladesh Railway so as to encourage the use rail service for transportation of products;
No formal sanction shall be necessary from the sponsoring authority for such import against cash foreign exchange in respect of industrial units in the free sector;
The importers shall also bear the expenses relating to the test conducted by the Bangladesh Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, of such RBD palm stearine.
24.14.2 Aluminum waste and scrap (H.S. Heading No. 96.02 and all H.S. Code classifiable under this heading) will be imported by recognized industrial units manufacturing Aluminum utensil.
He said, 'cancel the bond license of those who are importing clothes after closure of factories.'
A properly educated nation, which is modern in genius and intellect and forward-looking in thinking, can only put the country at the zenith of its development.
Pre-vocational education will be in place from Classes six to eight to develop respect for manual labour and to give them primary idea of vocational education.
The illiteracy rate is rife in the country due to limited scope and rigidity of formal education on the one hand, and population explosion and poverty on the other.
2. Appropriate and quality books need to be authored so that the students become aware of different aspects of Buddhism including the religious rituals and customs.
8. Opportunities will be created for the students of science and other subjects to appear at national level examination system so that they can become IT manpower.
4. The infrastructure facilities, proper management and educational qualification and efficiency of teachers of law colleges will be ensured to improve the standard of Law Studies.
If the curriculum and syllabus gets changed, the student will be allowed to sit for those subjects in which he failed earlier, according to the previous curriculum or syllabus.
It is essential to find out whether all secondary schools or institutions are capable of delivering quality education and whether the fees charged for the students are justified.
Being one of the pioneers in developing the GSM service in Europe, Telenor has also helped to transfer this knowledge to the local employees over the years
Kaspersky Internet Security package enables you to use the following functionalities for protecting your desktop, laptop PCs and mobile: anti-virus, anti-spam, firewall, Web protection, anti-malware, Parental control, proactive protection.
Voice chat is a 24 hours open Voice based service which allows subscribers to dial a short code and chat with other interested people anytime from anywhere within GP network.
Grameenphone is going to introduce Facebook Java Application for its subscribers with free data offer for 30 (thirty) days from the day of launching the application.
7. The User agrees not to use this website for any other commercial purpose or any other use that runs against the law or good morals.
The BCG report was part of an in-depth research into the adoption rate of Internet and its impact in the emerging economies with special focus on Bangladesh, Thailand and Serbia.
Using the “Mobitaka” service, a commuter can, for the first time in Bangladesh, purchase electronic railway tickets at anytime and from anywhere from his mobile phone.
Therefore, if your password has been exposed for any reason, you should immediately email at this address or call 121 from any GP Number and change your password.
But there have been many reminders that for every year we fail to take action on climate change, the problem is getting worse for millions around the world.
and not the miracle solution to alleviation of poverty that it has been sold as by aid agencies and Grameen Bank — and the plethora of evangelistic microcredit organisations.
The people of the country had become fed up with the misrule, abuse of power, corruption, systematic loot, torture and cruelty perpetrated by the four-party alliance’s government.
Naturally, two opinion polls published only five days prior to municipal elections were due to attract interests of political parties, candidates, workers, supporters and of course, voters.
If we consider the poll published by Star just nine days ago, then we must say the appropriate headline should have been: “Star surprised at BNP’s gain”.
Both the two countries should, of course, be working in close cooperation to harness our synergies on these and other areas for the good of our two nations.
I am delighted to see that the existing strong bond between our two countries have become more intimate than ever before, keeping pace with our developmental cooperation.
Increasing frequency and ferocity of floods, cyclones, droughts, and other natural disasters, caused by this phenomenon, are creating havoc in the lives lost and the resources destroyed.
The health status of women has been improved, the rate of child and maternal mortality reduced due to effective initiatives of government in the health sector.
(2) A resolution which does not find place in the ballot shall not lapse but shall be included in the subsequent ballot in the same session of Parliament.
and mentioned about the trade delegation Mexican Government intends to send to Bangladesh soon while expressing recent upward trend in trade relations between the two countries.
Then he ran up to Azraf Ali and yelled, Hey you Pakistani collaborator, two freedom fighters are going to shoot you dead in five minutes.
Jules Verne once wrote 
Put two ships in the open sea, without wind or tide, it will come together.
That's how my parents met. 
Like two ships destined for each other. 
Hey, it's ok. 
Easy, easy, easy. 
You weren't breathing. 
They were from different worlds. 
But life, like the sea, has a way of bringing people together. 
I was gonna make you some eggs. 
Just don't eat my dog, ok? 
It's ok. It's ok. I made tea. 
Come, try it. It'll make you better. 
So, who are you? 
Atlantian. 
Queen of Atlantis. 
Wow. I'm Tom. Keeper of lighthouse. 
She had fled an arranged marriage, left her whole world behind. 
But in my father's lighthouse, she found everything which was unexpected.
And my father, found the love of his life. 
How about Arthur? 
After the hurricane. 
Afterall, he's a king, no? 
He's more than that. 
He's living proof our people can co-exist. 
He could unite our worlds one day. 
And the Trident could only be wielded by the strongest Atlantean. 
And it gave the king mastery
of the seven seas. 
Made him so powerful. the ocean became so jealous, 
and sent a terrible earthquake to destroy Atlantis. 
Down it fell to the bottom of the ocean. 
But legend has it that one day 
a new king will come 
who will use the power of the Trident 
to put Atlantis back together again. 
Tom, take him! 
Queen Atlanna. 
By the authority of King Orvax, 
You re ordered to return to Atlantis. 
Atlanna! 
Tom! Here! 
The two worlds were never meant to meet 
and I was a product of a love that never should have been. 
You don't have to do this, Atlantean. Please. 
Tom, They will always find me. Next time they will send an army.
I have to go back. 
It's the only way to save him. 
To save you. 
Where I come from, 
the sea carries our tears away. 
Not here. You'd feel it. 
I will return to you when it's safe. 
One day. 
Right here. At sunrise. 
We'll be together again. 
You stay strong, my little prince. I'll always be with you. 
Don't let him forget me. 
Now today, we have better maps of Mars than our own sea floor. 
Come on. Come over here. Boys, stop. 
Hi, fishy. 
My name's Arthur. What's yours? 
You guys hungry? 
Check it out. Arthur is talking to the fish. 
You're such a prick, Arthur. 
Stop! Stop it! 
Stop! Let me go! 
Move it! Come on, hurry up! 
Sir, we've secured the captain. 
Distress signal disabled. We're running dark in here. 
Well they heard it, you can count on it. 
I'll make you a deal. 
I won't tell you how to captain, 
and you don't tell me how to pirate. 
Where's the rest of the crew? They've sealed themselves up in the torpedo bay. 
Our reputation precedes us. 
Your reputation. This is your win. 
Take it. 
You take this piece of junk, this is part of your life. 
I never told you the story behind it. 
This was your grandfather's. 
He was so stealthy in the water. 
His unit nicknamed him Manta. 
But after the war, his country forgot about him 
So he went back to the seas, scavenging and surviving with his wit. 
And this knife, he gave it to me when I was your age. 
And now, you deserve it. 
We just hit something. 
I've waited a long time for this. 
Am I supposed to know who you are? 
I scavenge the high seas. 
You're the Aquaman. 
We're about to meet at some point. 
But do not come infront of me for the second time. 
Ow! 
Dad! 
Dad. 
That's your kid? 
Shame on you. 
You get yourself into this mess, get yourself out of this. 
Bastard! 
Wait! Help me he's trapped! 
You can't leave him like this! 
Please! 
You killed innocent people. 
You ask the sea for mercy. 
Get out of here! 
I'll never leave you. 
You need to live so that you can kill that son of a bitch.
Fruits are a great source of vitamins and minerals.
However, I enjoyed my winter vacation very much.
But everything depends on your kind permission.
The condition of the supplied food was really awful.
If everybody spoke the truth, all misdeeds including terrorism and corruptions would cease for ever.
We do not need to incur any expenses in order to acquire it.
If any one thinks himself happy, it is easy for him to be happy.
In our country the scene of a summer night is different in towns and villages.
When the events were over, the chief guest distributed the prizes.
Though the victim, however, recovers from physical pain, the painful experience can never be forgotten.
When they give money to their children, they tell them to expend the money calculatively.
Games and sports play a vital role in forming one's personality.
But at the same time we lost the invaluable thing- morality.
and so this habit should be cultivated quite early in life.
Mango is the king of fruits being highly rich in vitamin 'C' and 'A'.
A host country can know the other parts of the globe through a trade fair.
A thing cannot become as precious as gold only by way of glittering.
They sometimes buy children from local agents at a very high rate.
Like different kinds of trees we see different kinds of people in our society.
Arsenic pollution has been a threat to the life of our people.
However, the students should not assume that their duties are over.
So, we have to give a serious thought to this problem.
In schools, colleges and various offices discipline is an imperative necessity.
The art of teaching in modern times has undergone a revolutionary change.
The citizenship of Bangladesh shall be determined and regulated by law.
The writer exposed the character well, so I liked the character.
They need to distribute pure drinking water in the flood affected areas.
A young man finds great difficulty in picking up his profession.
The Ministry of Commerce has taken the initiative to install a National Trade Portal.
The Computer Council will monitor everything concerning sale of old computers.
and The Education Boards concerned with examination will conduct this public examination.
The task will be undertaken by high professionals and specialized organizations.
3. Primary and secondary schools across the country will be encouraged to introduce this.
This is equally applicable to government and non-government institutions providing health, agriculture and technical education.
All these benefits will help the company to have a competitive edge in the market.
It’s the perfect service to communicate with your friends and family– wherever you may be.
4. What will be the activation and de-activation procedures for the new offer?
If the intended receiver agrees to pay, the receiver will be charged for the call.
A system to buy establishment after 10 years is also remained in the contact.
We are eternally grateful to those who have given their lives for this country.
Once I was unable to feed him because I had fever.
I wanted to listen but I did not understand what the teacher said.
This opinion poll reported that 42 percent voters will cast their votes for BNP alliance.
Global warming is also an alarming issue for all of us.
The briefing was in preparation for the War College delegations' upcoming study tour in Bangladesh.
She brought her head down near my face and said, Look.
People would come with all kinds of stuff to sell from the nearby areas.
The origin, nature and functions of these institutions are also discussed in Civics and Citizenship.
so they perform duties and responsibilities properly to the state and stand by justice.
Good relationship between rulers and ruled is created by rule of law.
State provides road infrastructure, orphanage, temporary lodging, subsidiary on food and employment opportunities.
However, too much change can again create an obstacle to progress.
These organizations perform as a line organization to execute various government task.
The head of the political party is the leader of the party.
For developing the living standard of the people, the educated people's community keep on trying.
There will be no long intervals in the practice of Exercise.
Experts of Home Science have mentioned about five changes as the techniques of work simplification.
At present, use of tiles has become popular in making a floor of a house.
It increases intelligence, tolerance, sympathy and helps to build sharing attitude.
Create awareness against child trafficking among the children and elders in your own locality.
Her lack of interest in all matters makes her family anxious.
Fungus and insects also grow in dried foods, rice and pulses.
If you follow the picture you will gradually get the design.
This is why we need to iron the clothes to increase their beauty and tidiness.
The four fundamental operations in Mathematics are Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication and Division.
the sum of the measures of the three angles of a triangle is 180 degree.
1. What do you understand by data, Explain with an example.
It will not only destroy you, but also will destroy our whole family.
Write a letter to your friend describing the adverse effects of drug addiction.
You wanted to know what I suggest you to do after the examination.
For this purpose you need reservation of a first class compartment.
To remove this situation political parties and other organizations have many duties to do.
It has become almost impossible for the common people to maintain their family.
They create noise in the room and take alcohol and also other drugs.
It is known to all that the present age is the age of knowledge and science.
On that day we tastefully decorated the college and put up a beautiful dais on the sports ground in front.
So he will not be late for going to bed and will enjoy a sound sleep.
It appears that something is wrong somewhere and more effective measures have to be taken to make the campaign successful.
Since friendship is not simply a relationship, it is a spiritual bond, real friendship never ends.
It is a sacred duty of the children to obeys the orders of the parents and abide by their instructions.
Students have now become the victim of politics as they are mostly exploited by the politicians.
To make the country free from corruptions citizens of all classes should be responsible, accountable, dutiful and considerate.
Educated people can enormously contribute to raise the standard of living and elevate the value system of a nation.
If we mix with the bad, we shall get their bad habits and gradually become bad ourselves.
It is a common human failing to make mistakes, but only a man with divine quality can forgive others faults.
Trees are uprooted and big branches of trees are broken down, thus roads are blocked up.
A joint or extended family consists of father, mother and their married sons and grandsons and daughters.
United States government postpones Bangladeshi product's GSP facility to improve working conditions of the garment’s labour.
He has been able to gain popularity among the local people by taking part in various development activities.
this unresolved issue had been pending for the last 64 years obstructing the everyday life of my people.
In case of import of Bone and Meat Meal, name of the source animal is to be mentioned.
3. Posts for teachers and number of classrooms will be increased in every school to facilitate pre-primary schooling.
17. Appropriate steps will be taken to fill in the vacant posts in vocational and technical institutes.
4. In vocational and technical education, there must be the scope of learning graphic design, multimedia, animation etc.
So 'BKSP' must be developed into a full-fledged sports university so that it can produce sports-persons of international standard.
5. All educational institutions, regardless of their levels and types, must be registered with appropriate authority.
We want to make it easy for customers to get what they want, when they want it.
Ans: If you have less than the required balance, the system will not send any message.
Subscriber can opt-in for the optional rate plan or may stay with the default plan as per their choice.
Now you can let your friends listen to their favorite tunes every time they call you.
Grameenphone has always striven for bringing the very best offers for its subscribers that will suit their telecommunication needs.
He joined the Telenor Group in 1974, and he has held a number of managerial positions and international assignments.
A customer will pay a service fee of BDT 20 per seat for availing an electronic ticket through this service.
Two very high ranking officials of a detective agency would be present in the visiting room.
I was able to witness the efficiency of these judges while the case was being heard in the court.
Now, if I declare Churchill as the Defender of the Nation, my people may get very confused.
Bangladesh has to reform the whole process in a way so that it doesn’t become a conduit of punishing oppositions.
I hope this meeting will conclude successfully with some practical and bold recommendations aimed at addressing the problems.
Rapid, unplanned urbanization, occupational dislocations, food, water and land insecurity are some of the consequences of climate change.
Apart from these, there are Shelter Homes and Safe Custodies for women, children and adolescent girls.
How a kid of his size could know such hard English was a mystery to us.
Uncle said, pale faced, What will happen to my little boys and girls, only God knows.
Various types of packets will have to be made to export the products in the market and abroad after production.
In the villages the wood at the head of the cot is usually adorned with a pair of peacocks.
Now let us make the design appear on handkerchief drawing flower, creepers and herbs with legi-deisy stitch.
Besides, we become politically conscious by listening to and taking part in discussions by elders in the family.
it is important for all of us to know about the characteristics, classification and sources of law.
as a result, The government becomes self-restraint in its deeds and tries to do good deeds.
Dual Work: Students will discuss on the conscription process of the president and make a list of his main qualifications.
Prepare a list of the activities of a political party that creates hope in the minds of the people.
Through this agreement, the structure of a different type of Local government has grown up in the region.
On the other hand in several areas it is found that one male gets more than one marriage.
Changing of climate is attacking Bangladesh in various ways and will continue to do the same later on.
So in a society, there are many types of people and we can live near each other.
It is essential to have the knowledge about the characteristics of the lines to decorate home more attractively.
Men started to live in a group to protect themselves from all the odds and thus social life began.
The place where children will play should be full of light and air, open and safe.
If the children of tender age are engaged in risky works, their physical, mental and social development get hindered.
This is why fat should not be taken more than it is needed for the body.
We have different kinds of deficiency diseases due to the scarcity of minerals for a long time.
By preserving seasonal fruits for other seasons we can meet the need and demand of foods.
Satin stitch– This stitch is used to cover the inner side of a flower, leaf etc.
Clothes have the risk to get burned as we cannot control the temperature of a coal iron.
Mathematics plays an important role in developing scientific knowledge at this time of the 21st century.
But if we take any of them as definition of parallel straight lines the other two properties can be proved.
Arabic literature was not part of the curriculum, but the Quran and hadith were studied as literature.
But since I was deep into my examination, I could not make time to write to you earlier.
In your letter you have asked me to describe some of the world heritage attractions in Bangladesh.
Age old system of keeping record in files is gradually making way for computer based data processing.
In the twinkling of an eye all the dwelling houses were destroyed and standing crops were leveled to the ground.
More dustbins should be provided and people should have the habit of keeping waste in definite places of dustbins.
Now, write a letter to the editor of a newspaper complaining about the water logging in the city streets.
Had there been semester system in public examination in our country, this curse of private coaching would have been abolished.
It has become a common affair nowadays that we live most of the time at night in darkness.
The machineries are made for man but man has become so dependent on them that as if they were our directors.
Rivers, canals and ponds contain the splendid image of the sky with the moon and the stars in their transparent water.
The founder of the bank Professor Muhammad Yunus and the bank itself have won the Nobel Peace Prize in the year 2006.
They are poor peasants, landless labourers, the artisans, the blacksmiths, the weavers, the fishermen and the people engaged in such other useful work.
The project includes funding the ICT equipment like laptops, web cams and fingerprint scanners, required for completing the nation wide digital voter registration.
The greedy land grabbers build up buildings along the bank of rivers which create hindrances in the normal flow of water.
This is a state at continuous anxiety which eats into his vitals and causes him many serious problems including fatal heart disease.
The sacrifice made by the martyrs will act as a perennial source of inspiration for me to work for the country.
Though there is distinction between right and wrong in different countries, bribe is acknowledged as a crime in all the countries of the world.
After this the other came down from the tree and asked his friend, 'what did the bear whisper in your ear’?
By drinking arsenic polluted water, people suffer from different kinds of problems, such as, sore on the body, serious skin diseases and serious stomach troubles.
Political, economical, social, foreign policy- in every sector we have so frustrating a state that we can hardly dream of bright 21st century for Bangladesh.
Privacy is ensured as the e-mail is delivered to an individual's mail box which can be accessed or opened by the intended recipient.
German culture appeared long before the rise of Germany as a nation and was extended throughout the entire German speaking world.
Three days later, the Dursleys were showing no sign of relenting, and Harry couldn’t see any way out of his situation.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has ruled out the necessity of sitting for talks with the opposition leader about different problems existing in the country.
Reviewing and providing necessary directions about the country’s export situation annually at least once or more by the “National Committee on Export”;
5.4.4 All cooperation will be provided for faster completion of leasing procedures for tea estates which have not yet completed such procedures;
In case of import in drum or bottle or container the date of production and date of expiry must be mentioned on it.
This Policy attaches importance to the natural sensitivity of people and also to the delivery of education that helps find employment in the material world.
3. To achieve excellence in the stream-related subjects, the syllabus will be designed as per needs and specific syllabus will be developed accordingly.
7. Emphasis will be given on economics, sociology, development, poverty eradication and management while preparing the curriculum and syllabus of engineering education.
This education provides the students with knowledge of the painting, sculpture, music, plays, folk performances and theatrical arts of the country.
Among these three areas, only the first one is evaluated in the existing or traditional system of our schools, colleges and universities.
9. Measures will be taken to establish government secondary schools and government colleges in the upazilas where these do not exist now.
Grameenphone Team Tracker is an enterprise solution for business organizations which enables the business managers to improve the speed and quality of field force activity.
Studyline is another innovative service brought for the first time in Bangladesh by Grameenphone with the intention of serving the school, college and university students.
The lack of availability of an easy facebook usage experience has been a major hindrance to higher consumer visits from their mobile. 
Now, go! 
Go! 
Damn you! 
Go. 
I'll always know where to find you. 
Old habits. 
Come on, I'll buy you breakfast. 
You want me to hand it in a sippy cup for you. 
How is it that I could breathe underwater and lose the drink on the table with you. 
That's my superpower. 
The same pirate who are suspected 
in connection with the matter of disappearance of the Navy's high classified prototype stealth submarine. 
And in further development, we now have unconfirmed reports 
that the meta-human dubbed by social media as the Aquaman 
was responsible for this daring rescue… 
It's not me. 
Oh shit. You're doing it, aren't you? 
What Vulco trained you to do. 
I knew you couldn't stand on the sidelines forever. 
Your mother always knew you were special. 
Don't start the same story again. 
She believed you'd be the one to unite our two worlds. 
Please, stop. 
Whatever Atlantis's problem are, you're bigger than them. 
Atlantis murdered my mother for the crime of loving you and having me. 
And you know it. 
Son, one day you'd have to stop blaming yourself. 
Hey buddy. 
You'd that fish boy from the TV? 
Oh, great. 
What do you want? 
I'll tell you what I want. 
Boss, can I get a selfie with you? 
You're like our local hero, man. 
It'll be quick. 
Dont' touch me. 
Everybody smile. 
He will understand the significance of this meeting of course. 
He'll hear you out. 
King Orm. King Nereus. 
You pick a meeting place too close to the surface to my liking. 
You don't recognise the council of the kings? 
At the site where the seven kings were one. Our ancestors gathered here. 
…Sat here at the head of the table. 
Xebel were always by his side. 
Brine, Fishermen, 
Deserters and Trench had not yet followed. Lost nations had not yet vanished. 
Together we were the greatest empire the world had ever seen. 
But now, several long wars shattered by archaic laws and politics 
While the threat above us grows undeniable. 
Violence has always plagued the surface. 
They will destroy themselves. 
Not before destroying us first. 
We have been hiding long enough. 
The time has come for Atlantis to rise again. 
We honour you King Nereus… 
by inviting Xebel to be the first kingdom to join King Orm's alliance. 
As if you have a choice, Vulko. 
By law you need four to seven kingdoms to send an attack. 
The lost nations and the Deserters have long perished. 
The Fishermen are cowards. 
With only my army to convince them, your plans are still burnt. 
But I know what you really want. 
That's merely a title.- I'm not a fool King Orm. 
As Ocean Master you'll be commander of the greatest military might on this planet. 
I'm the only heir to tackle it. 
Is it? 
What about the rumours there is another? 
An Atlantian living on the surface 
One of royal blood. 
You may sit on the throne of Atlantis. 
But your claim is just weak. How can you possibly hope to unite the empire? 
My mother's bastard has never even been to Atlantis. 
Move out! 
The king is injured! 
I'm not trying to start a war. 
The war has already begun. 
Then it's time to send them a message that we're here. 
Here's the key.- Thank you. 
Let's go home. 
If your grandpa's still alive, he'd be banging our heads when we're not finishing it. 
Tell you what. There's still plenty of time for that. 
Got to get you to bed. 
Got it. 
I've been looking for you. Oh no. No. No. 
I need you to come with me to Atlantis. Listen. 
I'm going to tell you the same thing I told that Vulko.
No, thank you. I'm not interested. 
You defeated Steppenwolf and saved Atlantis. 
That had nothing to do with Atlantis. 
Your half brother, King Orm, is about to declare war with the surface world. 
Many people will die.
Your people and mine. 
We must stop him. 
And how do you propose we do that? 
You re the first born son of Queen Atlanna. 
The throne is yours by birthright. 
There is only one way to stop this war and save both worlds 
It is for you to take your rightful place as King. 
You think if I just show up, Orm will give up the throne? 
I'm the bastard son of a queen your people executed. 
Trust me. I'm no king. I agree. 
That's awesome. Go. 
But, Vulko seems to believe in you for some reason. 
And that's why I'm here. Vulko has learnt of the location of 
the lost trident of
Atlantis.- Ooh, Fairy tales. 
It's a myth.- It's not a myth. 
With the sacred trident, people will listen to you.
Then you can then claim your birthright after you dethrone Orm
My birthright? It died with my mother.
The world is changed
I feel it in the water
I feel it in the earth. 
I smell it in the air. 
Much that once was is lost. 
It began with the forging of the Great Rings. 
Three were given to the Elves: Immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. 
Seven to the Dwarf-lords: Great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. 
And nine rings were gifted to the race of Men who, above all else, desire power. 
For within these rings was bound the strength and will to govern each race. 
But they were all of them deceived. For another ring was made. 
In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret a Master Ring to control all others. 
And into this Ring he poured his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. 
One Ring to rule them all. 
One by one the free lands of Middle-earth fell to the power of the Ring. 
A Last Alliance of Men and Elves marched against the armies of Mordor. 
And on the slopes of Mount Doom, they fought for the freedom of Middle-earth. 
Victory was near. 
But the power of the Ring could not be undone. 
It was in this moment when all hope had faded that lsildur, son of the king, took up his father's sword. 
Sauron, the enemy of the free people of Middle-earth, was defeated. 
The Ring now was in possession of lsildur who had this one chance to destroy evil forever. 
But the hearts of men are easily corrupted. 
And the Ring of Power has a will of its own. 
It betrayed lsildur to his death. 
And some things that should not have been forgotten were lost. 
History became legend. 
Legend became myth!! 
And for two and a half thousand years the Ring passed out of all knowledge. 
When chance came it ensnared a new bearer. 
My precious.
The Ring came to Gollum. 
He took it deep into the tunnels of the Misty Mountains. 
And there it consumed him. 
It has come to me.
My own. My love. My own.
The Ring brought to Gollum unnatural long life. 
For 500 years it poisoned his mind. 
And in the gloom of Gollum's cave, it waited. 
Darkness crept back into the forests. 
- Is he here yet?
- No.
- You scared him.
- I gotta take a massive piss.
Dude, any excuse for you
to pull that thing out.
Anyone got any beer?
We finished them all back at school.
Besides, you've had enough.
I've got one. It's not cold,
but it's yours if you want it.
All you gotta do is sit up, beg,
roll over and shake that booty.
- Thanks a lot, Eric.
- Anytime, anywhere.
- This is gonna be sweet.
- I'm glad I thought of it.
You're animals.
Just because he's new.
You've talked shit the whole time.
Why don't you be quiet?
You know how it is.
Nobody's forcing him to show up.
What if he doesn't?
I want to go back to the dance.
Belinda, why don't you go back
to the dance by yourself?
I wasn't talking to you, Dean.
You know I don't dance.
It's true. I've seen him bust a move.
It ain't pretty.
But a brother like me is ready
to get his freak on. What you say?
Put it away before you hurt somebody.
Like yourself.
He's here!
All right, here he comes.
Hey, check out the Safari Joe truck.
I can't wait to see you fly!
Hey, nice shirt, Opie.
You're late.
but you know...
Can you remember that next time?
If there is a next time!
Dean! Is he always like that?
Always, man. So how about it?
You ready to fly?
Wait up, baby!
Let me get on your back.
Giddyap! Giddyap!
Okay, here's the deal.
You're gonna jump
from up there into here.
That's it, and you're one of us. Okay?
- You ready?
- Yeah.
All right. All right.
Let's do this, okay?
It's cake, man.
Hell, I'm jumping with you.
- How deep is this?
- I don't really know.
Let's go find out.
Let's do it.
Yeah! Shit, yeah!
Come on, let's go!
Jump!
- You done this?
- We've all done it.
- I hope you had your Wheaties!
- You guys gonna do this tonight?
On three.
One.
Two.
Three!
Oh, shit.
Landon, he's hurt!
- Is he okay?
- Landon, get down here!
- What the hell?
- Dean, what the hell?
- You guys, he's hurt!
- Come on, man!
- I told you it was a bad idea!
- Get him out of the water!
- Hurry up!
- Is he dead? What are we gonna do?
Help me!
- Get him over here!
- There's a pipe. He must have hit it!
Get him out of the water!
Watch his head! Watch his head!
Hey, who's down there?
Tracie, come on!
Central, we've got trespassers.
Send a squad car.
Come on, Landon.
Come on!
You guys, just take him!
Someone grab his arm!
I got him.
We gotta get out of here.
- Go! Get out of here!
- Landon, come on!
I told you not to do this!
Calm down.
Belinda, let's go!
Come on, get in! I'm driving.
Damn it!
Shit!
Put your hands on the wheel.
Mama, my leg really hurts today.
I don't think I can go any place.
- Maybe I should call your father.
- No.
I'm not talking to him.
This has gotta stop between you two.
You can't do that. You need a father.
We are very fortunate today that a life was saved by our Lord.
We want to pray 
The lives of the others involved who are clearly not on the path of righteousness, may they come on the right path.
- How's the leg, man?
- It's good.
I can't believe you were in jail.
- What'd you tell them?
- It was a nice night for a drive.
Ended up at the cement factory, found Gephardt
Tried to help him
Figured I'd leave before they thought I was involved.
Gotta hand it to you.
You're a Jedi Master of bullshit.
Damn, that Jamie Sullivan sure has style.
I wore that dress in the fourth grade.
Nice sweater.
Thank you.
So far you have learned about some of the problems a family of disabled child may face.
Do not take any food, toys, money and any material from an unknown or a less acquainted person.
Vitamins increase the body’s ability to protect disease and keep the body healthy, strong and active.
Patient needs to take plenty of fluids, for example, milk, sharbat, fruit juice, soup, green coconut water etc.
People can buy rayon cloth easily as they are available in the market with different reasonable prices.
Use potassium per manganate solution and oxalic acid solution if the stain is not removed with soap water.
Moreover, there is a risk to have accident if the burning coals come out of the iron.
Abeer divided an apple into two equal parts and gave one part to his brother Kabir.
The data can be more easily organized through putting in tabular form which is discussed below.
This journal published detailed excavation reports of many sites apart from research articles and reports on field surveys.
You will be glad to know that I have made quite a good preparation for it.
You know, we are the only nation in the world that showed how to honour ones mother tongue.
There are not sufficient numbers of chess boards, benches, chairs and tables in the common room.
But we have not thought that it will be fixed as shortly as it has been.
But unfortunately the major political parties in Bangladesh forget this great truth both in the streets and in the parliament.
Sir, I should be highly thankful to you if you would publish the following letter in your esteemed daily.
I would be grateful if you kindly consider my prayer and appoint me to the post.
We have to be respectful to the rights, facilities, likes and dislikes of other people in the way we expect them to respectful to ours.
I have such an experience of having an unwelcome guest who visited my house just before the day of my final exam.
If the rules and regulations in the examination centre are loose, various malpractices are adopted by the examinees and the examinees are not judged properly.
Most importantly, character has to be reformed by regenerating the decaying human values and by inculcating religious teachings in an effective and unfailing manner.
The song was so enchanting that he listened to it spell-bound, and when he went up the hill he carried it in his heart.
Urban people try to keep a while away from their blind mimicry of western culture and tend to be a Bangali at least this day.
A shopping place or a market is generally located in a centre where communication and transportation facilities to and from various places exists.
As a trade fair gives scope to a country to display her products: friendly countries gladly respond to the call of the host countries.
We may imagine a situation in which there is a chasm on the road that a traveller wants to cross by making a leap.
Now a man from one part of the world can communicate with a person of another part of the world in a second.
People in the habit of much talking sometimes unconsciously disclose many private or secret matters that make them fool or ashamed.
Parents should keep in their mind that only enough favourable environment can help to develop the latent talent of their children.
To encourage female education our government has already taken some positive steps, such as giving stipends to girls, recruiting more female teachers etc.
The patient, and the truthful, and the obedient, and those who spend and those who ask forgiveness in the morning times.
The weather forecast says that though the weather is going to be bad now, but it is not going to be so tomorrow.
Just last night we were saying we’d come and get you ourselves if you hadn’t written back to Ron by Friday.
She said, I often think of all the victims of terrorism, especially those of the 9/11 attacks in New York and elsewhere around the world.
4.4.3 To promote export, loans with lower interest rates and soft terms will be made available for import of capital machineries and raw materials.
In addition to the documents mentioned in sub-paragraph 7.11 above private sector importers will be required to submit the following documents:
(3) A pre-shipment certificate from an internationally reputed surveyor regarding quality of the above mentioned used parts is to be submitted.
15. to ensure a creative, favorable and joyful environment for the students at the primary and secondary levels for their proper protection and congenial development.
Steps will be taken so that the students can understand the ideals and spirit of Islam and learn about its doctrines and ways of life.
With this end in view, new institutions will be established at government and non-government levels and the existing ones will be strengthened.
Though sports and physical education have been occupying a special place in our country for a long time, the achievement in this field is questionable.
to strengthen the education system to facilitate in building up a knowledge-based society that can produce necessary innovative ideas directed towards national progress;
We may be diverse with an employee base of more than 4500 but we are ONE BIG FAMILY with a single VISION.
In this scenario the below calendar showing the period of availing the new offer for the said subscriber on two months view point:
This offer is available exclusively for Grameenphone New and Existing Subscribers and initially will be sold solely from our own Grameenphone Centers.
Join GP's band wagon and enjoy free BDT 150 talktime, 500 SMS and 45 MB internet after buying a new prepaid connection for BDT 149
The building architecture aims to inspire and empower employees through open spaces and open desk sitting arrangement for all, including the CEO and management teams.
The growth in revenue was mainly in voice revenues due to subscription growth and revenues from sale of GP branded handsets and data cards.
The Meghna river didn’t have a bridge, so the common people used their boats to take the armies and their weaponry across the river!
he perhaps is best remembered for his defection in extraordinary circumstances in August 1971 to the Bangladesh government from his service as a Pakistani ambassador.
But instead of nominating the person who had offered me fifty crore taka I had chosen someone else to contest the election for my party.
Since taking office as Premier in 2003, he has been a key part of the fourth generation of the leadership in Communist Party of China.
Now you can ask the question, why Alo-Star spent so much time, energy and money to publish such unreal, unbelievable and unacceptable polls?
We have observed with great admiration the transformation Bhutan had undergone under the visionary guidance of the Fourth King, His Majesty King Jigme Singye Wangchuck.
Due to industrialization and excessive emission of green house gases by the developed world, global mean temperature is shooting up resulting in the sea-level rise.
The language "Bangla" is spoken by over 250 million people worldwide, primarily in Bangladesh and an Indian state of West Bengal.
It is well known that most of the problems and challenges related to gender equality in this region are almost similar.
Then Sir gave another lecture about the nation, culture, history, etc. on the importance of having a name from one’s own country.
I thought about it and realized I couldn’t let the chance of seeing a real team of freedom fighters pass me by.
Before I could kick him again Rashed had taken out his stengun and was saying viciously, Close your eyes you son of a pig.
Later on from his ideas and thinking airplane, land transport and sea ships were invented that are the wonders of modern world.
Designs of flower or creepers and herbs can be made specially on frock, saree, handkerchief, table cloth etc. with chain stitch.
With the baptism a human person being a follower of Jesus at the rebirth in water and spirit attains a new life.
Elected party in democracy forms the government for a fixed period of time and every political party adopt their program based on their policies.
Acting: A parliament session is to be arranged with the participation of students regarding the process of passing a bill in the national assembly.
7. It manages treatments for poultry and animals, sets up farms and do animal husbandry and poultry in the city areas.
The birth controlling medicine should be easy getting and for providing service to control the birth rate, sufficient clinic should be built-up.
Though the situation of the educated females of Bangladesh is little developed, overall the females are neglected and suppressed till to date socially.
Thus, it can be said that the main objective of organization is to determine logical steps to complete an action successfully.
Before buying any appliance we should know the characteristic of the metal, usage, the way of taking care and preservation of the appliance.
The shades of different colour and design enhance the beauty of a room and it bears good taste of a person.
Thank you.
A student claims you were drinking on school property.
Lucky for you, Clay Gephardt has not admitted anything.
The factory owners aren't pressing charges. At least not today.
I said I'd arrange appropriate punishment.
What, are you gonna expel me?
Not yet.
Besides attending class, you will help our janitorial staff after school.
- For pay?
- For the inner satisfaction it brings.
Saturdays, you'll tutor students at our sister school.
You'll take part
in the drama club's final event.
The spring play?
It's time you experienced other people.
Don't blow it, Landon.
This is a device made of plastic wrap and a coat hanger.
- Does anyone know what it is?
- It's a star frame.
This is a star frame.
It will help you locate stars
with your naked eye.
Mercury and Jupiter can be seen just over the west horizon after sunset.
Bet you can see angels up there, flying around.
There are things that could be called miraculous.
The more Einstein studied the universe,
the more he believed in a higher power.
Well, if there is a higher power, why can't he get you a new sweater?
He's too busy looking for your brain.
Laugh, it's a joke.
- Let's get out of here.
- I gotta stay.
Principal's gone.
Let's make some moves.
Come on. Come on.
I don't know.
The custodian thing kind of suits you.
Thanks, buddy. Thank you.
Look at the chart, you'll see Halley's comet.
Okay, so I'll see you at school.
My parents aren't home, you can come inside if you want.
Come on, Belinda. Nothing's changed.
I know. I just thought...
It's over.
Yeah. Whatever.
Okay.
Good morning, Landon.
Landon, wake up!
Come on. Up, up, up, up!
Up!
It's Saturday, no school.
Tutoring.
Let's try this again.
Which of these are similar triangles?
This one or that one?
What do you think?
Man, I think this is bullshit! Makes two of us.
Do you wanna buy some raffle tickets?
I'm trying to raise money to buy Jefferson new computers.
No.
So I saw you in there with Luis.
And I know it can be difficult...
But maybe you should back into it from somewhere else.
Are you gonna go visit Clay Gephardt?
It shall be a fundamental responsibility of the State to attain, through planned economic growth, a constant increase of productive forces and a steady improvement in the material and cultural standard of living of the people, with a view to securing to its citizens.
Recalling the terrorist acts so far she faced in her personal and political life, the Prime Minister in her speech reiterated her full commitment to battling terrorism in all its forms saying her government has a "zero tolerance policy" towards terrorism.
4.25.1 In order to ensure that fresh vegetables and other perishable items from the northern part of the country reach their destinations easily without losing their quality, direct air booking facilities for these products from Rajshahi and Syedpur Airport will continue to exist.
16.2 In case of import of food items from any country, the shipping documents must be accompanied by radioactivity-test reports from the concerned authority of the exporting country indicating the level of CS 137 found in such radioactivity-test in each kilogram of food items shipped.
In 2008, as we formed the government through the victory in national election, the responsibility of updating the education policy prepared earlier with some fixed objectives was entrusted on some eminent educationists and subsequently views of people belonging to diverse classes and professions were received.
to take effective steps to ensure the acquisition of essential knowledge, subject-based knowledge, life skills, attitudes, values and the sense of social awareness to meet their basic learning needs that will enable them to move ahead to the next level of education.
1. Concepts will be given to the students so that they can realize that the Almighty is at the root of all creations, and the Almighty is the root of religion and students will know about the theory of creation and religion.
6. The curriculum and syllabus at graduate and post-graduate levels will be restructured to inspire the creativity and liberal thinking of the learners and they will feel initiated to newer researches so that they can move ahead with a strong foundation.
1. It is necessary to take immediate steps to make adjustments between the educational qualification or technical expertise, acquired during student life with the demand of the job market so that employment facilities can be ensured for the students after completing education at any level.
Bangladesh Army, Navy, Air Force, Rifles, Police, RAB, Ansar & VDP, Special Security Forces, President Guard Regiment, etc institution can change their Official Address with the signature and seal of the respective unit heads or certain high ranked officers rather than key contact person.
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and this website.
Memories of his actions in August 1971 became tinged ever more with sadness for him as my father witnessed the ever-growing contrast between what he then had hoped for his country and the actuality of the society in which he and my mother were living.
This is where the Colombo Process could be used by labour sending and destination countries in sharing good practices and exchanging views on our collective concerns, including issues of minimum wage, acceptable working conditions, minimum contractual period, health benefits and general welfare and so on.
Communications from the President to the House shall be made to the Speaker by written message signed by the President, but if the President is absent from the place of sitting of the House, his message shall be conveyed to the Speaker through a Minister.
A family where there is every chance for development- scope for playing, elder members play with the children, play music for them, tell stories to the children, take them outside to satisfy their curiosities, respond to their different questions with patience.
Nylon is used to make under garments, mosquito-net, bed cover, cover of furniture, cloth for umbrella, rope, lace, knitting thread, net to catch fish, cover of leather goods, carpet, bags for different games, e.g., golf, etc. as this fiber is long lasting and flexible.
In the case of an arbitration tribunal constituted with three arbitrators, if the parties do not agree otherwise, each of the parties shall appoint one arbitrator and such appointed arbitrators shall appoint the third arbitrator who shall be the chairman of the arbitration tribunal.
You think that the curse of illiteracy is the cause of people’s poverty and that the student community can play an important role in eradicating illiteracy by way of opening night schools for the young and the old in the villages.
The State shall endeavour to create conditions in which, as a general principle, persons shall not be able to enjoy unearned incomes, and in which human labour in every form, intellectual and physical, shall become a fuller expression of creative endeavour and of the human personality.
A person traveling in a foreign country can bring his or her vehicle along with himself or herself if authorized under the carnet de passage by the Customs Authorities or any other appropriate authority, or authorized against the indemnity bond submitted to the Customs Authorities with the condition to re-import.
9.1.3 Importers already registered shall submit two copies of application in writing to their nominated banks indicating the category in which they intend to be classified and shall pay renewal fees in cash to their nominated banks against proper receipt at the rate prescribed for the said category.
The tag so attached shall bear the signature of all those who were involved in the collection of the sample i.e. the representative of the customs authority, the importer’s representative and the representative of port authority or the master of the ship, as the case may be.
16.15.1 Imported rice, wheat, other food cereals and food stuff must be produced in SAARC or South-East Asian Countries and a certificate of origin, issued by the related Government or approved Agency of the exporting country, shall be submitted, along with import documents to the Customs Authority.
On arrival of milk food and dried milk in the country, the consignment shall be subject to radioactivity test for the second time before release of the goods and the goods shall be released only if the radioactivity level is found within the acceptable as well as approved limits.
The Chief Controller shall, however, forward to the Ministry of Commerce with his opinion such other cases that involve import of items in the control list or items otherwise restricted for import as per any other provision of the Import Policy Order for decision regarding relaxation of the relevant provisions.
On export of ready-made garments made by using imported grey fabrics, the same shall be endorsed in the Pass Book as per existing procedure for the purpose of adjustment showing that the entire quantity of imported grey fabrics has been fully utilized in the garments exported.
It is crucial for our future generation to acquire quality, modern and updated knowledge of science and technology and evolve as a skilled human resource so that they may contribute to eradicate poverty, illiteracy, corruption, communalism and backwardness and build up a developed and prosperous Bangladesh.
Those children who cannot be in the schools till 100% enrollment is ensured at the primary level or drop out of primary education are supposed to receive some basic education or vocational training to use their skills in real life situations through the non-formal schooling system.
7. Students not taking part in this public examination will be eligible to have a certificate from the school attesting the completion of studies till Class VIII including the report of evaluation of internal examination and continual assessment with their date of birth recorded in the certificate.
3. The curriculum and syllabus of all stages of educational levels including primary and secondary will reflect the spirit of liberation war, the context of liberation war, its spirit and factual narrative, language movement, the existing realities of the country, mother language, literature, culture and history.
It is my pleasure to be here with you at the inaugural session of the Second Ministerial Meeting on Rural Development in the Asia-Pacific Region organized by the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and Cooperatives in collaboration with the Centre on Integrated Rural Development for Asia-Pacific Region
Given the rich heritage of "Bangla" language, and its singular place as a symbol of people's faith in the power of languages to sustain cultures, and indeed the identity of nations, I seek support of the members of UNGA for its acceptance as an official language of the United Nations.
If notices of more than one identical Bill are received, the Bill securing first place in the ballot shall be proceeded with and other similar Bills, if the Bill securing first place in the ballot is moved for leave for introduction in the House, shall not be admissible.
If we draw pictures related to our country’s culture, life style, environment and nature then by the description of those pictures, almost whole feature of every country could be reflected which will tell about the life-style, culture and tradition and grow bilateral good relation among the countries.
With the initiatives taken by former British prime minister Winston Churchill and president of United States Theodore Roosevelt there were long discussions with the leaders of the different countries, Consequently on 24 October, 1945 in San Francisco city of the United States, the United Nations was established.
Still holding the twisted thread firmly with your thumb, take the needle out of the twist and back to the starting point and insert it close to where the thread first emerged , pull the needle through to the back, leaving a small knot on the surface.
The honour most respectfully to state that in view of my father’s straitened circumstances I got admitted to this night college with the hope that I should manage to get a job to do during the day-time, but my hopes turned out to be an empty moonshine.
That would be a no.
They moved him from the hospital to a rehab place.
Is this your idea of small talk?
If so, your social skills need work.
No one made him jump.
- It's called peer pressure.
- How do you know?
You read it in your precious book?
Please don't pretend like you know me, okay?
But I do. I do.
We have all the same classes since kindergarten.
Why, you're Jamie Sullivan.
You sit at lunch table seven.
It's not the reject table, but it's definitely self-exile territory.
You have exactly one sweater.
You look at your feet when you walk.
you tutor on weekends
And hang out with the Stars,Planets and kids.
How's that sound?
Well said.
Nothing I haven't heard before.
- You don't care what people think?
- No.
I don't know what your problem is.
Miss Garber has nice hooters.
This is bullshit. Thanks.
I can't wait to see you in stage
makeup. That's gonna be cool.
- Be back in an hour.
- Tell them to do West Side Story.
Get that nice big-booty girl from Selena. Maria! Maria!
This year's spring musical is about fiery passion and blazing Tommy guns.
Written by our own Eddie Zimmerhoff.
Words and music by Jamie Sullivan.
It tells the story of Tommy "The Gun"
Thornton in Prohibition-era New York.
Eddie, perhaps-
Mr. Carter, better late than never.
Please join us.
Sure.
Now then, let's see...
Jamie will be our Alicia,
a mysterious club singer.
- Sally will be playing Caroline.
- Congratulations.
And Landon will read Tommy Thornton.
No. No. See, I didn't plan
on acting or anything.
When did you know, Tommy?
IKnow what?
That we were in love.
Love?
Baby, you don't want to fall
in love with a guy like me.
It's too late. I'm crazy about you.
I'm breathing it, drinking it all in.
Aren't you?
I don't know what I'm drinking,
dollface, but if this is love...
...pour me another glass.
Are you trying to be bad at this?
No, just comes naturally.
All right, everybody,
let's go to the end.
Don't even pretend you won't be great.
- Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
- All right. See you.
Bye.
- So would it kill you to try?
- Yep, and I'm too young to die.
You don't care about classes,
but you like school...
...because you're popular
and you'll never be on top again.
- That's thoroughly predictable.
- Your act only works on an audience.
Feeling Christian?
Seat belt?
- I forfeit.
- Thank you.
Forty-two.
What do you mean, forty-two?
Forty-two is befriend somebody I don't like.
It's a to-do list I have for my life.
Like getting a new personality?
Join the Peace Corps,
make a medical discovery.
Ambitious.
Be in two places at once,
get a tattoo.
What's number one?
I'd tell you,
but then I'd have to kill you.
I've come...
...to see if you're ready.
Take a good look. The only thing
I'm ready for is a dirt nap.
Ready to look into your heart,
Tom Thornton.
Your words have been heard,
and not just by me.
When you walked into...
Shit. When you walked into my club,
that wasn't just a coincidence.
Nothing's coincidence, baby.
You know you're the only one
who can make me sing.
Yeah, Miss Garber!
You'll put Eric in all your plays!
Eric, I'll put you in all my plays!
Come on. Do you know I got three weeks to memorize all this?
You couldn't pull this off in three months!
I didn't write it, okay?
But you're gonna make a jackass
of yourself in front of everyone.
Look, I don't have a choice,
so would you help me out, please?
I'm just busting on you.
I'll be there opening night,
front row. And you can count on it.
With tomatoes.
Thanks, man.
Landon? Boys, can you help
with these groceries?
- Yeah.
- No problem.
Jamie.
What do you want?
I've known you for years. You've
never been the first to say hello.
I need help with my lines.
- Landon Carter's asking me for help?
- Yeah.
Okay, I'll pray for you.
Jamie, look-
You've obviously never asked anybody
for help before, right?
A request like yours requires
flattery and groveling.
It can't be about you.
It has to be for the common good.
It is for the common good.
Eddie Zimmerhoff deserves the best.
- Please?
- Okay. One condition, though.
What's that?
You have to promise
you won't fall in love with me.
- That's not a problem.
- Okay. I'll see you today after school.
Landon Carter is coming here?
He's dangerous, careless,
the worst kind of bully.
Daddy, what about forgiveness?
I thought we had discussed
that I would decide...
...how I wanted to spend
my time and my life.
It's him I don't trust, not you.
You gonna keep me out here
all afternoon?
Come on in.
My script is in my room. I'll be
right down. Make yourself at home.
Oh, yeah.
It's not likely.
That is one scary-looking-
- Jesus!
- No, Jamie's father.
Hello, Mr. Carter. I understand
you're the lead in the play.
Congratulations.
Thanks for letting me come over and run lines.
I didn't let you.
It's a school night. Let's get
one thing straight, Mr. Carter.
You think that, on Sundays,
I don't see you from where I stand.
But I see you.
I'll be in my office, just here.
Ready?
Yeah, let's go.
- Landon! Where have you been?
- Nowhere.
- Hey, come here.
- What's up?
- Are we cool?
- Yeah, sure.
What the hell?
- What are you doing here?
- I should ask you the same.
Do you normally walk alone
in a cemetery at night?
Maybe.
Where you going?
Come and see.
Okay. What is that?
This is my telescope.
Take a look.
Saturn. Very cool.
I'm planning on building a larger one
so I can see the comet Hyakutake.
It comes this spring.
Nobody knows when it'll be back.
Nature's miracles. I get it.
- Get what?
- That you're into all this stuff.
This stuff?
I have my beliefs.
I have faith, but don't you?
No. There's too much bad shit in this world.
Without suffering, there's no compassion.
Tell that to those who suffer.
This is what I love about early
spring. Where those legs been hiding?
- She's trashy.
- Well, if it isn't the Virgin Mary.
Here comes your leading lady.
Hey, Carter.
So I'll see you after school?
In your dreams.
Hi. Where's your sweater?
Let's get out of here.
What's up, dude?
Come on, Jamie.
Open the door, please!
What do you want?
- You're not in a good mood.
- You don't miss a thing.
Listen, I was hoping we could memorize lines together.
Okay, but just not so anybody knows, right?
I just figured we could surprise everyone with how good I get.
We could be secret friends.
Exactly! It's like you have read my mind.
Great. Could you read my mind?
Jamie, I can't just be your friend.
Landon, I thought I saw something
in you. Something good.
But I was very wrong.
Damn it!
Sorry. Sorry.
You know the answer?
Come on, man, I know you know.
Okay. It's you, me and the basket.
We form the three corners of a triangle.
Take a step towards the basket.
Am I at the same angle to you
and the basket as before?
- Of course.
- Are you?
- Yeah.
- So, what did we just make?
- A similar triangle?
- Yes. Okay, make me an isosceles.
You got it, two sides the same.
Okay, enough of this. Let's play.
I came to say I'm sorry.
Well, you did. Feel better?
No. I feel like shit.
You know what? I actually thought I wanted to be your friend.
And now I have no idea why. No idea.
I made that jump once.
I thought I was a badass.
I remember actually saying that I meant to belly flop.
Did it hurt?
Like hell.
Good.
I hope I'll see you at school then.
- Pour me a drink, Joey.
- You promised me, Tommy.
No more of your no-goodnik schemes.
You promised me we'd go to Paris.
Trust me. 
This is a sure thing.
That's it! We are through!
Go ahead and run your booze,
So you must be the new girl he's hired.
The singer?
You want some free advice about this one? 
I would say that stay far away from him.
He's nothing but trouble in cheap spats.
Look, I ain't blaming you.
I ain't asking for forgiveness, either.
I just did what I had to.
When you walked out of the rain and into my club...
...that wasn't just coincidence,
was it?
Nothing's coincidence.
Your face... You look so familiar.
Like this dame I knew once,
only it wasn't real, it was a dream.
Tell me about this dream girl.
Well, I don't remember.
All I know...
...is you're beautiful.
The song, the song.
The dream.
Help me to remember.
Check it out.
Hey, look at this.
Here.
Take one. Look.
- Jamie. Hi.
- Hi.
Listen, I just want you to know, no hard feelings.
Landon and I are way over.
I really don't know what you're talking about.
You'd be so beautiful...
...if you knew how to do your makeup.
- Come on, eat lunch with me.
- Okay.
- Want a Tic Tac?
- No, thanks.
Okay.
Wow.
Is that you?
Nice bod.
Look, this is about me, okay?
This is not you.
Stay here.
Hey, man, no wonder you been
keeping her locked up.
I had no idea this was
underneath all that.
- Dean, stop!
- You stay out of this!
- We're through. We're through.
- That's great.
- We're through forever!
- You okay?
- You made a mistake, Landon!
- You sure?
Let's get out of here.
Hey! You're a little chickenshit!
Baby, I'm sorry. Okay?
They're animals, all right?
You want me to take you home?
Let's get out of here.
- Are you sure you're okay?
- I'm fine.
- Thank you for everything.
They are sometimes given opportunity.
Please turn over the page.
The matter was beyond imagination.
It was difficult to do.
Shut the door.
Read the above sentence carefully.
Everybody loves a good boy.
His books are selling well.
I will go there.
Only applicable for postpaid subscriber.
Business News:
For more information please visit:
How green its leaves are!
I opened the southern window.
Moreover, Churchill is not alive.
Sir really loved giving lectures.
We called him Uncle.
We quickly began to walk.
Let me have some fun.
I will never forgive you.
Everyone laughed.
But nobody asked me anything.
I will never forget him.
Your drawing is completed here.
How beautiful they look!
The child was very beautiful.
We are all Bangladeshi citizen.
Government operates all state activities.
In democracy, government changes periodically.
This is called federal state.
We live in a State.
Nilu lives in a village.
This is called interior decoration.
It does not shrink easily.
Give reasons for your answer.
Express them as successive ratio.
Are the two angles equal?
It was a quite high standard institution.
He established a pillar there.
You are cordially invited.
It disturbs my regular studies.
Thank you for your letter.
We passed one night there.
My dear Shohag,
Your loving brother,
I received your letter.
Trees maintain ecological balance.
I am now terribly upset.
Convey my compliments to parents.
Many people are wounded.
On behalf of the guardians.
We were so much embarrassed.
They waste their valuable time by actively participating in politics.
Corruption is one of the main problems of developing countries.
Every morning we see two wonderful things .
We cannot even imagine our student life without a dictionary.
A primary school is an institution where formal education begins.
Yesterday I had to witness a very shocking street accident.
Food must include proteins, carbohydrates, fat, vitamins, minerals and water.
Today’s world is called a global village.
Love of power is inherent in every human being.
We have been reading together for three years.
Culture reflects the way of living, eating, talking and learning.
It is said that women are fond of shopping.
Science has taught man to think rationally.
Their strength and courage inspire us.
Physical exercise is very necessary to preserve good health.
It is circulated without the approval of the government.
Instead of forgetting them, we feel for them more deeply.
Among the good virtues of man, patience is one.
There are two ways of using knowledge.
Various factors are responsible for a climate change.
Campus violence is a common affair now.
He blamed for his condition on fate.
I am watching a nice movie.
How many sisters do you have?
Is your breakfast served at the same time every day?
When do you work, by day or by night?
Did you see any accident in life?
Can I check your ticket, please?
The rain was beating against the window.
He is the citizen of tomorrow .
He will stay here till tomorrow.
Every man has ups and downs in life.
The louder you cry, the more you will feel.
Recently, activities have been taken for raising awareness about autism.
In this process, we now have the long-awaited Education Policy.
Teachers must responsibly carry out their professional and other duties.
14. Is there any pre-requisite to avail this new offer?
The details of the new offers are as follows:
This was a distance of around 700 kilometres.
That is why I am talking about him.
So, this is also a very alarming issue for us.
Then one day Rashed brought some bad news.
Stay with me, I don’t have any children.
The granary will be fulfilled with rice.
Next, we can display it at home with frame.
2. God has empowered man and woman different ways.
Team work: briefly discuss about the ways of getting citizenship.
Most of the states in the present world are capitalist.
In the Presidential form of government, president holds all powers.
All the administrative decisions are taken here.
It punishes those who violated rules and regulations.
Before the independence in 1971, we were citizens of Pakistan.
The process of home management consists of several successive steps.
We get natural light from the sun.
It will make their world easier and beautiful.
It needs to take fresh seasonal vegetables always.
A person can impress others with a pleasant personality.
Only the numbers with positive sign are used in Arithmetics.
the government accepted the proposal temporarily.
Taking preparation for the examination is your main responsibility.
Our village stands on the bank of river Jamuna.
My best regards for you and mother,
I was born in this village.
You know that these are historical places.
Your hobby is visiting historical places and beauty spots.
We have strict law, but it is not implemented.
We have to advance inspite of all difficulties.
- You're welcome.
- I want to ask you something.
- Okay.
Will you go out with me
on Saturday night?
I'm sorry. I can't go.
- You have something else going on?
- No.
- It's not that.
- Then what is it?
I'm not allowed to date.
"Do not be deceived.
God does not like mockery.
Whatever a man sows, that he will also reap.
For he who sows to his flesh,
will of the flesh reap-"
- Can I help you?
- Yes, sir.
I'd like to ask your daughter to dinner on Saturday night.
That's not possible.
With all due respect, sir,
I ask you to reconsider.
With all due respect, Mr. Carter,
I made my decision.
You can exit the way you entered.
I'm sorry that I have treated Jamie like that,
I shouldn't have done so.
She deserves more than that.
I'm asking you for the same thing...
...you teach us every day in church.
And that's faith.
I can't believe you asked father's permission.
It's no big deal.
He was cool about it, anyway.
- Thank you.
- This is for you.
- Thank you very much.
- Would you like something to drink?
- Sweet tea, please.
- Make that two.
Right away.
This place is really nice.
Is this okay?
- Don't even worry about it, okay?
- Okay.
Choose whatever you want to eat.
So, what'll it be?
Is everything okay?
- Thank you very much.
- Yeah, me too. Thanks.
Would you like to dance?
Sorry, I don't dance.
Me neither. I mean, not usually
in front of anybody.
Well, no. I mean, I don't at all.
As in, I can't.
Everybody can dance.
Come on, you can't be that bad.
Please?
For me?
Come on.
Sorry, I told you I was bad at this.
- In all fairness, you warned me, right?
- That's right.
So, what's number one on your list?
Okay.
Number one on my list
is getting out of Beaufort.
Getting out from here won't be the solution to all problem.
It's more like figuring out what to do when you get somewhere.
What do you mean?
I mean, you can do anything.
- Where are we going?
- Just hold on, you'll see.
Come on, come on. Let's go!
- What are we doing?
- Come quickly!
- Okay, okay. Stand there.
- All right.
- One foot there, and one foot here.
- Okay.
You're acting crazy. What's going on?
Right now, you're straddling the state line.
Okay.
You're in two places at once.
Okay, butterfly, rosebud or star?
You choose.
- Butterfly.
- Okay.
Where do you want it?
Right here.
Okay.
How can you see places like this...
...and have moments like this,
and not believe?
You're lucky to be so sure.
It's like the wind.
I can't see it, but I feel it.
What do you feel?
I feel wonder and beauty...
...joy, love.
I mean, it's the center of everything.
I might kiss you.
I might be bad at it.
That's not possible.
I love you.
Now would be the time
to say something.
I told you not to fall in love with me.
Jamie. Say good night to Mr. Carter.
Landon, go home. The night's over.
- Good night.
- Good night.
Good night, sir.
Jamie, your behavior's sinful.
- You act with that boy like you're-
- In love?
- Jamie, you are a child.
- Dad, look at me...
- ...I'm not a child.
- Then stop acting childish.
I love him.
Then be fair to him, Jamie,
before things get worse.
- Hey.
- Hey.
- Will you help me?
- Definitely.
So, what did you tell your father?
The truth. 
I just left you out of it.
So, what do you want to see?
Pluto.
Pluto only rises a few minutes before the sun.
Right...
So, I have brought us a thermos of hot coffee and a blanket.
- You planned this.
- Oh, I hoped for it.
Are you trying to seduce me?
Why? Are you seducible?
That's what I thought...
...ergo, a second blanket.
- One for me, and one for you.
- Thank you.
- Can you find this star right here?
- Sure.
So why am I looking for this star?
Because I had it named for you.
See?
It's official.
It's from the International Star Registry office.
This is wonderful!
I love you.
Okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm stopping.
So, what's your number one?
To marry in the church where my mother grew up.
That's where my parents were married.
- Did you just get in?
- Yeah.
Thank heavens I didn't know.
I'd have been panicked.
Sorry.
Landon, were you with Jamie?
Landon, be careful.
She's the reverend's daughter.
- Mom-
- Please!
It's different with her.
- It's different with her.
- Yes.
It better be different with her.
I was doing laundry the other day,
and I found this.
"Examine a moon rock.
Go to college.
Get into medical school."
Honey, these are really beautiful ambitions.
- But you'll have to work really hard.
- I can do that.
Yeah, you can.
Mama...
...Jamie has faith in me.
You know?
She makes me want to be different.
Better.
I was so drunk,
I don't remember anything.
That's great.
Citizen high to citizen low.
Are you worried
about your college applications?
No.
I'm not applying.
- I thought you said-
- No, you assumed.
- Take a year off, try the Peace Corps?
- No.
What are you gonna do?
I'm sick.
- I'll take you home, you'll be-
- No, Landon!
I'm sick.
I have leukemia.
No.
- No.
I found out two years ago.
No outcome was coming out of the treatment.
So why didn't you tell me?
The doctor said I should live life
normally, as best I could.
I didn't want anybody
to be weird around me.
- Including me?
- Especially you!
I was getting along fine.
I accepted it, and then you happened!
I do not need a reason
to be angry with God.
Dad, open the door!
Landon?
- I need your help.
- What's wrong? You okay?
It's my girlfriend, Jamie. She's...
She's got cancer. And I need you
to come and see her right now.
Okay, calm down.
- Can you help me or not?
- I don't know her case.
I don't know her history.
I'm a cardiologist. I can't-
You know, just forget it. 
I knew it.
Would you wait? Landon, wait!
Your mom called me.
Talk to me, man.
About what?
About you...
...about Jamie.
What's there to talk about?
She's the best person I've ever known.
I didn't understand.
It's okay, man.
It's okay.
It's so nice to see you again.
You're welcome. Watch yourself now.
I'm not going anywhere.
Please tell Jamie that.
I'm so sorry.
I really should have told you sooner.
I made you do too many things-
If you could do anything to keep me healthy longer.
Are you scared?
To death.
Lighten up.
It's not funny.
I'm scared of not being with you.
Oh, baby, that will never happen.
I'll be always with you.
Mom.
Can you do me a favor?
So I talked to Eric.
Need some help with this stuff?
Sure.
What's that boy doing in the yard?
What's the matter? Jamie, honey?
Landon. Run along, son.
I'm not tired.
I need just a minute with her.
- I'll be back, okay?
- Okay.
Daddy...
...so serious.
Do you remember
...and you said you hated gravity...
...and you wanted to jump off the roof and fly in the sky?
I was so angry at you.
Honey, if I kept you too close, it's
because I wanted to keep you longer.
Dad...
You know, when I lost your mother...
...I was afraid that my heart
would never open again.
Jamie, I couldn't look
at you for days.
But then...
I love you so much.
I wanted to give you this.
The pictures from the play.
- I'm sorry about the flyers.
- It doesn't matter.
I guess you're with who you should be.
It's like she chose you.
Yeah, I don't even know why.
I know.
How are you feeling?
- I'm okay. How are you?
- Pretty good.
- I have something for you.
- You do?
Don't worry, it's not a Bible.
It was my mother's. It's got quotes
from her favorite books...
...and quotes by famous people.
Her thoughts.
- Come on.
- Okay, let's check it out.
"What is a friend?
It's a single soul dwelling in two bodies. Aristotle."
- Right here.
- Okay.
"Find out who you are...
...and do it on purpose."
That's Dolly Parton.
I always thought she was smart.
"Love is always patient and kind.
It is never jealous.
Love is never boastful or conceited.
It is never rude or selfish.
It does not take offense
and is not resentful."
- You know what I figured out today?
- What?
Maybe God has made a bigger plan for me.
Like, this journey never ends.
Like, you were sent to me because I'm sick.
To help me through all this.
You're my angel.
What's going on?
I get to go home.
Please thank your father for me.
- What does she mean?
- He's been trying to reach you.
He's going to pay for private home care.
Thank you.
Sorry.
It's all right, son.
- I gotta finish this tonight.
- Here, something hot.
Almost finished.
Did you order the mirrors?
- Yeah, they're in here.
- Good.
- What about side bearings?
- An old phonographic turntable.
So you think you can get
all this done by tomorrow?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
It's beautiful.
Okay, it's time. Go check it out.
There it is.
Come here. Come look.
Come here. Come look, quick.
That is cool.
Do you love me?
- Will you do something for me then?
- I will do anything you say.
Will you marry me?
"Love is always patient and kind.
It is never jealous."
- I love you.
- "Love is never boastful nor conceited.
It is never rude or selfish.
It does not take offense and is not resentful.
Love takes no pleasure in other people's sins...
but delights in the truth.
It is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope and to endure whatever comes."
- I, Landon Rollins Carter...
- I, Jamie Elizabeth Sullivan...
I will honor and cherish her, all the days of my life.
Jamie and I had a perfect summer together...
We loved so much than lots of people can do in a lifetime.
And then she went, with her faith.
It's been four years...
...but the shadow of Jamie walking towards me...
...It will stay with me forever.
Hello, Mr. Carter. Come in.
- Have a seat, please.
- Thank you.
Landon.
- You look good.
- Thank you. You too.
I'm getting by.
- What's new, Landon?
- Well, I got into medical school.
Your mother told me that.
We're so proud of you. 
Jamie would have been proud of you too.
Listen.
I want you to have this.
Oh, Landon.
Oh, my.
Thank you.
I'm sorry she never got her miracle.
She did.
It was you.
Jamie saved my life.
She taught me everything.
About life, hope...
...and the long journey ahead.
I'll always miss her.
But our love is like the wind.
I can't see it...
...but I can feel it.
Attaboy! Keep him busy!
One.
Jesus.
Two.
You have won.
Three.
He ain't getting up!
Four, five, six...
seven, eight, nine, ten.
Out!
Come here, Jimmy.
Get that sleeping beauty out of here!
That's ten in a row, Jimmy!
Ten!
You're gonna be the next champ, Jimmy!
How you doing?
You've been getting stronger with every fight.
I have noticed it.
You may win by luck, sure, but you got no stage fright or nerves.
And you have never been lost.
You're in line, that's all I'm saying, Jimmy.
You're gonna get your chance.
All right, let me see how much we have earned.
Do you want to come to my home and see the kids?
They talk about you so much.
Yeah, are you still married to the same girl?
I was this morning.
Would you do that for me, please?
You stop the car right here, Frank.
See you, Frank.
I could kill you!
I like the sound of that a lot.
Jimmy.
Yeah?
My sister.
Daddy, have we won?
Yeah, we have won.
How are you, Alice?
Good. The house is beautiful, Jimmy!
Thank you.
How was he?
You could go to watch the game.
No. If you get hit, every time it feels like I'm getting hit, too.
And I'm not half as strong as you are.
So, tell me about the girls.
Girls?
There was one.
There must've been one.
No.
Blond?
Brunette.
Tall?
Like a gazelle.
I don't know how she survived up there.
Mr. Braddock!
You're so strong!
And your hands are so big.
You're so powerful!
Jimmy, I'm so proud of you.
Introducing...
Ma, you woke me up.
Well, you kicked the covers off, honey.
Now you go back to sleep,
Good night, Mom.
Good night.
I can't find my socks.
Jim!
I'm sorry.
Mama?
Great.
I'm sorry, baby.
I washed the socks last night.
Don't you remember?
No.
How do I keep them this warm?
Mama, I want to eat, too.
What will you eat, honey?
Hey Rosy, hey Rosy.
Good morning.
I got fight tonight at the armory.
I love my motherland.
We live in society.
Ignorance is similar to darkness.
Earthquake causes a great disaster.
Books are man's best companions.
English is an International language.
We cannot non-cooperate with nature.
What is your salary?
He reads the newspaper everyday.
I go to university everyday.
What are you doing?
The girl can dance gracefully
You are reading a book
He is fluent in speaking.
Please let me go.
It's written on the ticket.
Which novel have you read?
The drama was very interesting.
He talks like his father.
It was easy to do.
They ran into the room.
Love the children.
She is watering the plant.
We do not take tea.
The boys are playing hockey.
He shall go there.
We are here to help.
Evening News:
Everybody was looking for safety.
How strange is this world!
Passengers would have benefited.
The class had just started.
Ronju quickly sat down.
The street was empty.
He was alone.
Then he suddenly stopped walking.
I stopped talking.
I will stay with you.
Everything else is ready.
He can speak very tidily.
It’s a picture of bull.
This nature has colourful appearance.
Each name is beautiful.
He has tolerated everything.
We obey their guidance.
Government operates all state functions.
Dictatorship is an arbitrary system.
Parliamentary government has some demerits,
We cannot extend it.
These are described below:
This is called child trafficking.
It has some brightness.
Identify rational and irrational numbers
Construct triangles from given conditions
What conclusion can you draw?
He wrote five books.
It became politically unstable too.
This subject is quite modern.
But life is like that.
I missed you every moment.
It was an interesting game.
I was enchanted.
It is my hobby.
Trees are our great friends.
You are now terribly upset.
You may start with walking.
He needs help from you.
They utter objectionable words.
The police cannot arrest them.
Think, you are a student.
We conduct trade and international relationship through English.
Corruption is pervasive everywhere today in our society.
Water is an important element of environment.
Most of the countries have their own dictionaries.
A walk in the sea-beach is a unique experience.
It thoroughly shook me with horror.
Education plays a vital role in the alleviation of poverty.
We should save the earth’s wild creatures to save ourselves.
Power is the source of all strength.
His teaching methods are well-planned, scientific and effective.
An irregular person is an enemy to himself.
No rational explanation is possible for it.
Curiosity leads men to travel from one place to another.
Thus the effect of inadequate knowledge is disastrous.
Pure drinking water is essential for health.
Most teachers are not so efficient in teaching English.
Everybody knows that death is inevitable.
There is no protection against this natural phenomenon.
In fact, climate on earth is constantly changing.
This corruption causes much harm to a nation.
Trees are destroyed mostly for being used as fire wood.
He sat in the usual morning traffic jam.
Harry Potter must not put himself in peril.
I have bought an umbrella for you.
How many students were there in your class yesterday?
I learn English with shohag sir.
I have recognized you by some information.
It was telecast after the Bengali news at 8:00 pm.
How can the attitude of your father be?
The boy who came here is my brother.
Do not start till I give the order.
It will take me a month to finish the work.
I heard him sing a song.
Printed label shall not be pasted on the container separately.
7. Nursing training centers will be attached to hospital management.
Other customers will request at customer contact points.
Their decision will be deemed as Final.
But where is your conspiracy declaration form?
All his life he had to undergo so much sufferings.
At this point, Prime Minister tried to change the subject.
From now on, his name is Rashed.
How long will it take to reach the border?
So Father and Mother had no idea about anything.
All that we see around us is nature.
Two Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were completely destroyed.
Every state has its definite territory and population.
Laws are made for the welfare of the people.
This form of government is negligible in number.
Elected representatives of the people will administer the country.
Jatiya Party is the country's third largest Party.
Most of the people of our country are poor.
Besides, children have a special right to safety.
These appliances make our activities more easy and comfortable.
Indoor games increase intelligence and creativity.
We get these necessary minerals from food.
We can rub hard while washing them.
Locate the rational and irrational numbers in the number line
To understand the relationship do the following group activity.
His period did not mark any special progress.
Bangladesh needs clean politics and sound statesmen.
I shall wait for you at the railway station.
It is indispensable in our daily life and work.
Really it was enjoyable although I was alone.
I am giving you a short description of it.
I know you are very busy with your studies.
I am impressed to visit the museum.
However, it does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
Both parties expect that free flow of information will help ensure transparent and accountable governance, which will lead to empowerment of the people in Bangladesh.
Even though almost half of them lost their lives to the Pakistani army, the rest of them managed to escape from the cantonment.
But it will be even harder to hear of more women widowed in the future as another year goes by without action.
and no Iraqi official wandered up to inquire why two diplomatic cars were present at the post so early in the morning.
I can’t walk across the field even if I want to because I do not have the freedom that he enjoys.
Ms Merrill informed survey works are carried out not only for such products, but also for large projects, such as, building extensions of Heathrow Airport.
We know that the process of taking proceeds of criminal activity and corruption and making them appear legal is called money-laundering.
If we are able to build a generation equipped with proper education, knowledge and wisdom, the subsequent generation will follow the suit.
Let us also not forget, therefore, that their existence and those of other species provide a natural support to our own existence in this planet.
We have already transformed 100 Union Parishads to host e-Centers in 2009, and expedited to process to cover all 4,500 Union Parishads by this year.
The Secretary shall arrange Government business in such order as the Speaker may, after consultation with the Leader of the House, determine:
He couldn’t bowl or bat, and even while fielding he would stand there and think about things only he knew about.
Then he looked at us and said, You do know that you’re not allowed to go through the school, don’t you?
4. Artists are urgently needed for drawing maps, drawing pictures for books of schools and colleges, and for books of medicine and polytechnic institutes.
The designed plate or terracotta is such a relief work which remains high on the floor or ground of the plate size soil.
2. Artists are needed in publicity of different topics of the government, to make poster and leaflets for walking on roads, the rules of running buses and trucks etc.
Putting the pitch board on the cloth we need to paste the glue in every corner and fix the extra paper by folding it with the board properly.
In other words, the organization which grows through marriage between one or more than one males and females including their children, parents and other members is called family.
A political party is that part of a country's populace which is organized to resolve the national problems on the basis of an ideology or some principles or program.
In spite of having these problems, through gaining the huge foreign currency by exporting the manpower to foreign country, this problem has become possibility in Bangladesh.
He told that after two years he will go to a foreign country and created pressure on Morjina to bring two lac taka from her father by selling land property.
He said this in a pre-budget discussion with the leaders of the concerned business organizations of different export sectors including garments, textiles, leather, plastic, shrimp at the revenue building in the capital on tuesday. 
In this case, weight of a child does not increase according to his age, a child loses interest in doing any work, and his face looks pale and sad.
The rest of the family members including the parents must behave well and help out the disabled child in taking care of him and in training.
And only after this, the simple units of the nutrients will become ready for the absorption of the body and thus, the body will get nutrition.
By preserving seasonal fruits and vegetables we can meet the need of these foods and use excess food in future and prevent these foods from getting spoiled and thus wasted.
Thus, we can make personality pleasant and attractive by taking care of our health, maintaining discipline, making ourselves independent, keeping ourselves tidy and adapting ourselves with different situations.
In order to face the challenges of the fast changing world and to accelerate the development and prosperity of Bangladesh, there is a need for well-educated human resources.
5. What is the cost of fencing around a 100 metre long and 50 metre wide rectangular park at a rate of Tk. 100 per metre?
If two angles and the adjoining side of a triangle are equal to two corresponding angles and the adjoining side of another triangle, the triangles are congruent.
Arbitration tribunal with the consent of the parties at any stage of the arbitration proceeding may settle the dispute by mediation, compromise or any other means.
Yet today the godly state of the sun in a broad expanse of the surging sea bend you down to a thoughtful state like the primitive man.
Now, write a petition to the Superintendent of Police of your district urging him to take necessary measures to check the menace of toll collectors in your locality.
Unscrupulous use of water, gas, electricity, telephone, office stationery, official transport and tours both inside and outside the country tell very heavily on our national economy.
Through your esteemed daily, I appeal to the authority concerned to look into the matter and find out ways and means to stop this violence in the educational institutions.
Should you kindly consider my application favourably and appoint me to the post, I shall leave no stone unturned to discharge my duties to the entire satisfaction of all concerned.
Dear Sir, I am very much regretful to inform you that I purchased a television set of a reputed company from your show room in the last week.
May be the friends again part and go back to their own worlds but this meeting remains a peerless piece of happy memory that later on in some idle moments pulsates in their mind.
Thus instead of coming to a total loss by trying to seize everything at time, we should pick up only so much of the things in each attempt as our grips can hold.
With all the turmoil involved in the aging process, it is no wonder that we are becoming a nation of frightened adults, forever searching for that magical youth serum from the elusive fountain of youth.
After receipt of the samples in the Laboratory Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission shall within twenty-four hours, send to the Customs Sample Room their report on the result of examination of the samples.
2. More attention will be given to the research and post-graduate courses at the university level to develop the resources of the country and solve different technical problems and to produce highly skilled engineers.
The qualities that are considered to be the most important factors for a student to build up his personality are related to acquisition of knowledge, emotional attitudes, responsiveness and intellectual faculties.
Internet is the most convenient medium of information, through which people can enhance their knowledge, spread the same from one corner of the globe to whichever place they wish with a single click.
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions during registration, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
On reading out the letter and without even speaking to my mother sitting by his side, whom he usually would consult on all important decisions, my father said “yes” and counter-signed the letter.
If Chittagong-Kunming road-rail link is established, India may feel, Bangladesh is trying to become strategically closer with China, bypassing India; But, you have to look at the interest of your country.
I believe that, this conference will play an important role to identify the main problems and find out the right direction for the development of the region through women empowerment by utilizing our limited resource.
The things we have to remember to draw these things are- subject-matter or length, breadth, height, its proportion to see the balance and to pay attention to its proper structure etc.
As the food grain is the food of the people of Bangladesh, especially priority of rice exists, so, supply of rice and sustainability of price is the main thing of gaining food security.
Negative attitudes create obstacle in the development of a child, for example- do not do it; do not do that; you cannot do anything– we should avoid saying these kinds of sentences to the children.
We need to be very careful to plan patient’s diet for these diseases because in this case our intestine gets infected directly and our body loses water and salt as a result of loose motion.
But in case of a handmade woolen cloth, we need to mend the shape of it by laying the cloth out on the picture of its original shape which was drawn before.
6. The buying price of cloth is Tk. 125 per metre ; if the shopkeeper sold it at the rate of Tk. 150 per metre, he gained Tk. 2000 as profit.
If the parties do not agree otherwise parties would appoint equal number of arbitrators, and such arbitrators collectively shall appoint an additional arbitrator who shall perform the responsibility of the chairman of the arbitration tribunal.
I, on behalf of all the students of the Department of English, beg to draw your kind attention to the fact that Arif, a student of honors 1st year, is seriously indisposed.
Sir, In response to your advertisement published in "The Daily Star” on 18th December 2010 for the post of a Medical Representative, I have the honour to apply for the same.
Immediate steps must be taken to remove this pollution such as- research and analysis of source of water, investigation of possibility of alternate source of safe water, marking of dangerous tubewell, arrangement of proper treatment of arsenic patients etc.
No citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth be subjected to any disability, liability, restriction or condition with regard to access to any place of public entertainment or resort, or admission to any educational institution.
The main objective of the Export Policy is to bring dynamism to the economic activities of Bangladesh and to make these activities outward-looking so as to enable Bangladesh to keep pace with the rapidly changing and competitive world trading system.
7.9.3 In case, where shipment could not be made within the validity period due to circumstances beyond control of the importer, the Chief Controller may extend the time limit for shipment of goods on the merit of each case;
16.16.2 The words "There is no alternative to breast-feeding" shall be printed clearly in relatively larger letters in Bangla in a visible space on each tin or Bag or in Box of baby food with cream.
25.1 Commercial import under cash foreign exchange or under Government Allocation- Commercial import will normally be made under cash foreign exchange, subject to availability of fund import of few commercial items may be allowed under Government allocation.
The nominated Bank, on being satisfied that the L/C Authorization Form is in order, will forward all the copies of the same to the nominated Banks of the group leader after making necessary entries in the importer’s Registration Certificate.
15. In the schools located in the wetlands and areas prone to frequent natural calamities, provisions will be there to change the timing of the school hours and to reschedule the holidays according to their needs.
Law studies will be analytical and pragmatic for the future generation students, so that they can play an active role to establish the rule of law, human rights and justice and also to protect national interests in the international arena.
A non-government teachers’ selection commission will be formed similar to Public Service Commission for recruitment of teachers based on their capability and merit for the non-government primary schools, approved and financially aided by government, ibtedaye madrasa, secondary schools and colleges.
For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Raihan Shamsi also underscored that “SIM tax, which is limiting the growth of the mobile industry as well as the progress of bridging the digital divide, has been overlooked in the approved National Budget for 2010-11."
The Great Wall of China is a series of stone and earthen fortifications in northern China, built, rebuilt and maintained between the 5th century BC and the 16th century, to protect the northern borders of the Chinese empire.
Provided that the Speaker may allot different Thursday for the disposal of different classes of Private Members' business and on Thursday so allotted for any particular class of such business, business of that class shall have precedence:
Highlighting on the importance of the garment sector of Bangladesh in employment generation, women empowerment and export earnings, the labour Minister mentioned on the various steps taken by the present democratic government for welfare of the garments workers.
By stimulation we mean to make a child aware of his surrounding, to help the child see and interact with the surrounding and to create an environment for the child to actively play and participate in it.
In other words, formative design is a pattern which is used to give the basic frame of the fabric and decorative design is the pattern where a special diagram or design is used to make the fabric more attractive.
The frequency histogram has been drawn considering each side of the smallest squares of graph paper along x-axis to be one unit of class interval and two sides of the square along y-axis to be 5 units of frequency.
It is so enchanting that by the power of its magic stick it can mould the opinion and outlook of the people of the world and one country can Influence another by its culture and heritage through it.
I passed the SSC and HSC examinations (Humanities Group) of the Board of Secondary and Intermediate Education, Dhaka in 2000 and 2002 respectively from 'S' School and College, Dhaka and was placed in the first division in both.
There lies a lot of reasons behind the miserable condition of cricket in Bangladesh, such as lack of sufficient training under a dexterous coach, language problem of the coach, physical unfitness of our cricketers and lack of financial support from the government.
If a person throws litter on the street, builds a house in such a way that it causes inconvenience to his neighbors or plays music so loudly that it causes disturbances to others, then living in a city becomes a hellish experience.
Speaking at a 'Meet the Press' programme with journalists at Bangladesh's Permanent Mission at the United Nations here on Saturday, the Prime Minister posed the question, "Wouldn't the trial of war criminals be held in illegal interests of a political force?"
In case that a Government Order endorses a specific decision related to export, and in case the decision is not in conformity with any of the provisions of the Export Policy, then the aforesaid Government Order will get precedence over the Export Policy.
The Bank shall make an endorsement under seal and signature on the IRC of the importer indicating the value ceiling of annual import and the rate of renewal fees applicable in his case and return the original IRC to the importer concerned.
23.4 Adhoc IRC of the concerned industrial unit shall not be renewed until the Chief Controller of Imports and Exports issues clearance for the 2nd adhoc share or regularises its import entitlement on the basis of recommendation of the sponsoring authority.
Our major aim is to ensure that our next generation is provided with real education and knowledge of science and technology and thereby they will be developed into an efficient and skilled human resource, respectful and committed to people and inspired by patriotic spirit.
5. Initiatives will be taken for collaborative efforts with all the government and non-government organizations, civil societies through the coordinated means of diverse methods, materials, processes supplemented by joint efforts of the target groups to wipe out illiteracy from the country.
10. It is essential to establish a statutory, dignified and effective library council constituted with the representatives of the ministries of education, culture and local government to find solutions to the problems relating to policy making, planning and coordination and to undertake development programs.
In order to increase the benefits of the teachers of non-government institutions to the level of the government institutions, the government will gradually increase the salary and other benefits on the basis of availability of funds and the academic and training skills of the incumbent.
In a pre-budget discussion, the president of garments Association, BGMEA, Siddiqur Rahman, highlighted the withdrawal of taxes completely from the garments sector, reduction in corporate tax rate by 10 percent, vat withdrawal on using gas utility and water and several demands for the next three fiscal years.
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern GP's relationship with you in relation to this website.
Though, we guarantee the privacy or security of your information but always suggest you to be updated by yourself on the privacy and security policies of this website and its affiliated sites before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information.
But, we would like to point out that the survey work has been carried out all over the country by the members of RRC and all kinds of adults and people belonging to different kinds of profession and vocation have taken part in the poll.
I am optimistic that the meeting will give enormous opportunities to CIRDAP to strengthen the ties between countries in the region leading towards contextualization of the rural development and poverty alleviation issues with the current changes and challenges facing the countries due to globalization.
Consequently, we saw that in the first session of the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan held on 23 February 1948, Mr. Dhirendranath Dutta from Commilla, an Assembly Member, tabled a bill of introducing Bangla as the language of assembly along with Urdu and English.
It is essential to know how much food is needed for a healthy person, how much food will keep the body healthy without making it too fat or too thin, which and what amount of food will fulfill the exact demand of the body.
With all these things under consideration Mathematics has been presented easily and nicely at the lower secondary level to make it useful and delightful to the learners, and quite a number of mathematical topics have been included in the text book.
On the application within sixty days of receipt of the arbitration award by any of the parties in case of any arbitration award made under this law other than an award made in an international commercial arbitration, the civil court may set aside such award.
May I, therefore, pray and hope that you would be kind enough to pass necessary orders to the section concerned so that I am provided with a registration card with the following correction of subject code and spelling mistake of my name.
The Prime Minister called upon all members of the UN to make their sincere efforts to have a binding agreement in Durban at the end of this year for reduction of greenhouse gases, migration of climate-induced persons and free technology transfer to developing countries to address climate change impacts.
5.6.4 In order to reduce losses during leather collection, preservation and processing levels, different awareness building initiatives will be taken regarding the removal of the skin from the animal, preservation, transportation etc. along with separate training courses and workshops for butchers and leather traders will continue to take place.
The banking and customs procedure relating to export from or import into the Export Processing Zone to or from any country outside Bangladesh shall be regulated in accordance with the instructions issued in that behalf by the Bangladesh Bank and the National Board of Revenue respectively from time to time;
If on test of samples of the consignment by the Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission, it is found that the consignment contains radioactivity level above the acceptable limit, the consignment shall not be released and the concerned exporter or supplier shall be bound to take it back at his own expense.
16.17.4 In case of import of milk food products and powder milk pre-shipment inspection shall be mandatory for determination of radioactivity level and the goods may be shipped only if in such test the radioactivity level is found within the acceptable limits approved by the Government.
The Chief Controller, in all such cases except those involving issuance of IP or CP for items in the control list or of the Import Policy Order, shall take into consideration all the relevant aspects of the cases for their proper assessment and expeditious disposal at his level.
24.4.4 Imported raw and packing materials shall be released by the Customs Authority on the basis of import-invoice and analysis report of the raw materials, certified by the Director, Drug Administration or Govt. approved internationally reputed Pre-shipment Inspection Agent regarding the quantity, value and quality of each item.
Importable refined edible oil must conform to the quality standard of the exporting country and to the standard of BSTI and valid certificates from the authorities of both the countries are to be submitted to the Customs Authority at the time of clearance of the goods.
5. Specific subjects such as Bangla, English, Moral Science, Bangladesh Studies, Mathematics, Social Environment, Natural Environment with emphasis on topics like climate change, Science and Information Technology are to be there in the syllabus as compulsory subjects for all students of diverse streams of primary education.
7. New courses will be introduced along with the traditional courses to upgrade agricultural studies in view of scientific progress and demands of national development (such as, environmental science, organic technology, genetic engineering, resources economics, management of bio-diversification, land-holdings and management, nutritional science and social science etc).
While preparing the textbooks, it will be kept in mind that real education must be related to real life and inspire the students with patriotism and the spirit of our liberation war and further facilitate the development of thinking ability, imaginative capability, inquisitiveness and creativity of the learners.
Anyone visiting this jail and looking at the conditions here will be able to understand the extent of the hardship he had to endure and the way he had staked his life, suffering day after day, to carry on the struggle for the rights of Bengalis.
With regard to Bangladesh, I would like to add that in the recently held Copenhagen Climate Summit, we have been able to draw the attention of the whole world about the severe consequences Bangladesh will face in the coming days without virtually contributing any harm to the environment.
Whenever the Speaker or the Deputy Speaker resigns his office, the Secretary shall, on receipt of an intimation to that effect in writing from the President, cause the resignation to be immediately published in the Gazette, and shall also circulate it to the members if Parliament is in session.
Where a message from the President under article 73 of the Constitution is received by the Speaker, he shall read the message to the House and give necessary directions in regard to the procedure that shall be followed for the consideration of matters referred to in the message.
Say, you have gone somewhere to travel, where there are fields after fields, small cottages at far away, even at more distance a few boats with sail in the river, a few birds are flying in the sky, there are some palm trees in the front.
therefore, besides making our dresses, we can use this fabric to make many other things, for example- we can make bed cover, saari, lungi, towel, mosquito-net, blanket, cover of sofa, napkin, other decorative things etc. with these fabrics, as it is comparatively cheap to use this fabric.
(1) Check the label and select the clothes- As different kinds of clothes have different rules to be taken care of, we need to know the kind of fibre that a cloth is made of and we should follow these instructions to take care of the clothes.
Prothom Alo: Though the names of those accused in the report of the investigation committee on the disaster of the stock market have been published in the media, but there is also talk about the irregularity shown by the government in full disclosure of the report.
The main objectives of this policy are to improve the poverty level, education, health, employment and many other problems by solving the problems of different sectors of the country by using the maximum of information and communication technology and thus, by 2021, Bangladesh will be upgraded to a middle-income country.
She likes red roses.
It makes our body firm.
We live in Bangladesh.
Human life is very short.
Traffic police have heavy responsibilities.
Cricket is my favourite game.
Mass awareness should be created.
There may be some difficulties.
What is her name?
Our college is very ancient.
Canada is a beautiful country.
I love my daughter.
This is most wonderful sight
We are reading a book
Who prepares your breakfast?
Attend your classes regularly.
Is your father a teacher?
Please take your dress.
Besides, you visited some other interesting places also.
Please inform me the time of your arrival.
Pollution is a major threat to our modern civilization.
We should conquer poverty and disease with the help of science.
Habitually, we do not feel wonder anymore, but neither of them is insignificant.
It does not cost us anything, but its attainment brings us a huge profit.
Unfortunately, our system of education is not time befitting neither high standard.
Besides, excessive use of mobile phone may decrease the power of our memory.
They are deprived of seeing the dry weather and nature of a village.
The children who live under the poverty line are the underprivileged children.
This is creating a serious crisis in the economy of the developing world.
It is a long story of great struggles, adventures and heroic deeds.
Here we get news about the latest political movements and changes in the government.
The person who always does his duty in time, is a punctual man.
This dowry system has been prevalent for many years among the Hindus.
The visions have created hope among the mass people which should be implemented successfully.
It is thought that Samuel Johnson was the first man who published dictionary first.
If a diary is tainted with too much of self, it becomes a failure.
Thus just be contemplating we cannot make our life a life of actions.
The law alone will not be able to remove it from the society.
These are held in different cities and towns on some special occasions.
The cyclone is always accompanied by heavy rainfall and tidal bore.
Most of the time they were absent during the budget session.
The curator looked down and saw the bullet hole in his white linen shirt.
Who was appointed as the coach of the national women's team?
What kind of education system can be suitable for our country?
A patriot can sacrifice even his own life for the good of his country.
She said, her government has been working for welfare of the people by establishing peace.
In these cases, the procedure prescribed by Ministry of Food shall be followed.
Ensuring quality education for all is a great challenge for us.
25. In future, steps will be taken to establish a technical university.
The main aims and objectives of law studies are as follows:
Besides, admission test will be conducted under the rules and supervision of National University.
Please click on this link to fully understand our expectations and your business obligations.
The exact details of use will be determined by the individual airline.
You must always do this to avoid fraudulent users to send SMS from your account.
You can subscribe to Evening news service to get the news alert at the evening.
Free talktime amount will be distributed within 72 hours of each disbursement period
This was an extraordinary document demanding freedom from economic exploitation, deprivation and oppression.
Mr. Asfan Chowdhury asks for better and more thorough investigations into these issues.
On 1 November 2007 the judiciary was separated from the executive branch of the government.
Food and drinks began to be served at the dining table.
It is true we have made significant progress in these areas in the last decade.
Meanwhile, 14,000 cyclone shelters have been constructed and more are on the way.
Finishing the lecture he said, you do not need to give vote anymore.
Last year we used to play treasure hunting day and night.
Again we observe that physical fitness is related with mental spontaneity.
This theory gives the right explanation as to the origin of state.
State enacts laws to ensure rights of the citizens and freedom.
In the capitalist state, private ownership over the property is recognized.
In the Presidential form of government president is elected for a definite tenure.
President is the highest person in the administrative division of Bangladesh.
6. The members of the parliament elect the speaker, deputy speaker and various parliamentary committees.
Peoples of all sorts contact the office of the local government on any need.
During play time also we will play together, because we are all friends.
So, it is necessary to use different kinds of resources to get what we want.
Effects of colours- Different colours create different kinds of feelings in our mind.
After the birth of baby, a relationship is created between the baby and the family.
The family goes through a lot of struggle to maintain these things.
As a result, the weight of body will be increased quickly.
Complications increases resulting from the disease and it takes longer time to get well.
However, mild warm water can be used in washing nylon cloth.
We need to be careful about some matters while removing stains from clothes.
15. Labours were employed to reap paddy from a paddy field.
9. Total price of an exercise book and a pen is 75 taka.
(b) Measure the angles of the two figures and fill up the table.
For this, he largely followed the footsteps of the Chinese pilgrim hieun tsang.
So, you are thinking of joining your roommates, provided your father gives you permission.
You have visited some of such places and intend to visit some more.
There are also news about business and sports in the newspapers.
But since you have got no job you find it impossible to continue your studies.
And do not evoke any concern in the relevant quarters of authority.
State in details about your qualification and fitness for the post.
We do not work ourselves and we even do not know how to praise the good works done by others.
In this period a man loses physical and mental strength and becomes dependent on others like a child.
If the reporters of a newspaper report well, the newspaper has a great demand among the people.
The frugal men can undoubtedly be happy in their family life and they can achieve economic security.
To make our life happy and peaceful the necessity of a little rest from work and worry is undeniable.
The National ID card will serve twenty two types of advantages including land purchase, bank loan and passport etc.
But it is a matter of regret that our rivers are on the verge of extinction.
All the colleges and universities have become mini cantonments which are full of weapons and ammunitions.
in the face of difficulties, they lose heart, give up their efforts altogether and lay the blame on fate.
In internet system a telephone line connects with a computer and like telephone number, Internet communication is also maintained by its own number.
But in the selection of circle we have to be careful as a man is known by his company.
A businessman can see the condition of the world market just by sitting in this cafe.
It is high time that we take better steps for computer education to avail ourselves of this golden opportunity.
Digital governance will curb crime and corruption and pave the way for our country's rapid development.
The tea garden was designed like a Persian Garden, which was first introduced in India by first Mughal Emperor, Babur.
They were up at dawn, but somehow they still seemed to have a great deal to do.
5.5.4 To create markets, cooperation will be provided to entrepreneurs for participation in international fairs and exhibitions;
We all know that a right set of principles is essential to achieve some targeted goals.
Pragmatic initiatives will be encouraged and the most effective ones, found out by evaluation, will be pursued and supported.
19. At the tertiary level, teachers will be persuaded to carry on their research in their own institutions.
9. Commuting to schools will be made safe for the girls so that they do not encounter any difficulty.
And it will be directed toward forming interest in the learners’ mind for manual labour and dignity of labour.
We exist to help our customers get the full benefit of communications services in their daily lives.
Now you can choose from our two versions of GP connection to run your business more efficiently than ever before.
20. How will I know about the status of my account that whether it is activated or deactivated?
It is a call center based service where human agents are responsible for answering all queries placed by the callers.
You will receive an SMS notification asking you to dial 0 , to retrieve the received message.
All information related to your Card or Bank Account will be exclusively dealt by the Payment Gateway and the Bank.
Grameenphone also arranged other renowned designers to design the practice and other attires of Bangladesh National Cricket Team.
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you've requested their services;
It’s like asking a blind man to cross a highway – ensuring him that everything will be fine.
Governments will then have to act transparently and would have to be accountable for their actions.
But, after the actual results are known, one should consider the margin of error in the preceding poll.
Like our previous tenure, this time also, we have launched an all out drive against militancy and corruption.
We have taken various price control measures to stabilise market and ensure reasonable price of agricultural commodities for the producers.
During our 1996-2001 tenure we implemented several projects for the improvement of our health care system.
The Bangladesh Ambassador thanked the Asia Society for their useful publication on Bangladesh’s foreign trade and investment.
The ball would go right through his hands without him even realizing he had to catch it.
If I had known you were so little I never would have told you to come.
Though he was having irritating behavior in his later years, people still respected him for his talent.
We all love to see natural scenery- different scenes of rural-Bangladesh, fields wide up to the horizon.
Later when the daughter of Pharaoh went bathing in the river, she heard the cry of child in the reed.
Family fulfills the psychological needs of its members by giving them love, affection and kind behaviour.
Based on economic system, states are classified into two categories, such as capitalist and socialist state.
However, a permanent policy and programme can not be taken as a result of frequent change in the unwritten constitution.
The parliament membership is cancelled if the member remains absent from the parliament session for 90 days in a row.
In the new state, special importance of Local government was one of the main features of 1972 Constitution.
Considering the interest of the future generation it is necessary to decrease the present increasing rate of population.
To ensure the food security, it is essential to increase the production, availability, purchasing capacity etc.
The physical structure of a boy and a girl is different, but the expectation of each is same.
Thus, it saves time and energy as we do not need to wash and clean them.
The curtain may be used to separate the places of dining and living in the same room.
c. Which quality of Roni has been developed through the activities mentioned in the stem? – Explain.
Playing alone while sitting together with other children– Children do not play with each other rather they play alone with toys while sitting together.
2. Water soluble vitamins- The vitamins which are soluble very easily in water but not soluble in fat are called water soluble vitamins.
When a person suffers from dysentery, he also has loose motion and sometimes mucus and blood come out with the stool.
After coming back at home, mother washed both Irfan’s and Sabah’s clothes together in warm water and rubbed the clothes with soap.
5) Before using any remover in a dyed cloth we need to know whether this remover will damage the colour or not.
(2) In the decimal part, horizontal line is to be drawn over the digits in pairs from the right side of decimal point.
Solve the problems of our daily life involving addition, subtraction, multiplication and division of algebraic expressions through proper use of brackets.
Again, on the basis of the angles, the triangles are also of three types: acute angled, obtuse angled and right angled.
At places, these sands and thin clay layers form a composite aquifer, with poor to moderate water-bearing characteristics, capable of yielding water to shallow wells.
The law also provides that arbitration tribunal shall be competent to direct any of the parties to take any interim measures.
Indeed, it is very difficult to fight the vested interest groups, But somehow somebody should start the action somewhere in the greater interest of the nation.
You desire your friend Hamid to open a night school in his locality and teach the illiterate people alongside with his studies.
Out of twenty thousand people of this area most of them are now shelter-less and are living under open sky.
It is a matter of concern because we are not familiar with this fever and there is no specific treatment of it.
They invariably overload the buses in which the passengers are like chickens in a cage sent from one place to another.
Dear Sir, I am badly in need of the books, as listed below, for about a fortnight in order to prepare myself for the examination.
Its meaning is a magnificent society based on technology where all sorts of corruption will come to an end and every body will live a beautiful life.
We grew tired discussing so much on this matter but when the tea was served we became fresh and returned to our discussion with new energy.
Economic analysts agree that the recession has by now crossed the critical threshold of eleven months which has been the average period of longevity for the six major post-war recessions.
Information technology or IT means the combination of all activities related to collecting, processing, storing, using and transmitting data and information through the use of computers and communication networks.
Her green fields overflowing with golden crops, the spotless blue and cloudy sky, her moonlit and pitch dark night— all these present scenes of romantic charm and beauty.
Now we shall do well to equip ourselves with English In order that we may compete with the citizens of other countries and firm stand in the struggle for existence.
If a man has no sense of direction and of purpose in life, he will waste away all his limited time and energy in the weary wilderness of indecision.
If a man or a country tries to be self-reliant and engages its energy and resources, he or it will surely attain self-reliance within a short span of time.
Usually we go for election after five years unless the ruling government loses the majority in the parliament or happens to fall on public demand and unrest.
In this system, a man can make friendship with a person of another part of the world and even a person can choose his life partner through the internet communication.
The thirteenth alive child of Maharshi (a great saint) Debendranath Tagore (1817-1905) and Sarada Devi (1830-1875), Rabindranath was born at Jorashako (twin bridges) Thakur Bari of Calcutta.
While many evaluations have attempted to assess their short-term effectiveness, relatively little is known about their long-term impact nor is there much in the way of comparative assessment across interventions.
But it is more than a river, since for centuries the Ganga has promoted trade, commerce, transport and has helped the economic, social and cultural progress of the country.
Five sector-based Public-Private Partnership Business Promotion Councils are working for improving awareness and capacity of the exporters so as to maintain the continuous increase in supply of export goods.
4.5.12 In case of export, Bank rate of interest, LC commission, miscellaneous service charges, Bank guarantee commission etc will be kept minimum as directed by Bangladesh Bank.
5.6.19 While transferring factory units from Hajaribag to Savar Tannery Village, tannery owners will be cooperated in their plans to produce finished leather from crust leather.
7.4.2 Import of any permissible item for an amount not exceeding US Dollar 50,000/- (Fifty thousand) only during each financial year against remittance made from Bangladesh.
Such goods will not be allowed to bring out side of the port area, if the port of entry and port of export is the same.
They will have to import fabrics, excepting gray fabrics, in regular and continuous length of 18.29 metre or above in “thaan” or standard pieces or size.
26.3.2 A firm or a person will import acid mentioned in para 26.3.1 on commercial basis or for personal use subject to permission of the Ministry of Commerce.
A statement regarding quantity and quality of monthly imported and marketed furnace oil is to be sent to Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation on or before 5th of every month.
It is important to instill moral values, honesty, patriotism, accountability and social responsibility into the youths as they acquire quality modern education and knowledge of contemporary science and technology.
24. Special provisions like free admission, free education materials, free lunch at schools and stipends will be arranged to attract and retain these children in the schools.
15. All technical and vocational education institutes of the country will be put under the control of the Technical Education Directorate to consolidate this education stream.
General duration of Masters course will be one year, for M.Phil 2 years and for Ph.D, it will be 6 years from the date of registration.
10. In order to utilize the infrastructure of 16 commercial institutes of the country more effectively, updated trade courses will be offered and necessary manpower will be recruited.
If all learners, irrespective of boys and girls, cultivate physical education right from their childhood, they will take more care of their health through physical exercises.
1. Steps will be taken to reorganize the status, dignity, facilities and responsibilities of teachers of all levels and streams through an in-depth examination in the perspective of social reality.
Appropriate remedial measures have to be taken to control and discourage as well as to bring an end to these practices that are detrimental to intellectual growth of the students.
This state-of-the-art solution will also help the firms to create their own intranet and enable them to perform office work from any part of the world.
The Village Phone initiative has made tremendous social and economic impact in the rural areas of Bangladesh, creating a 'substantial consumer surplus' for the users.
Mobile Backup is a service that ensures a safe and secure way of storing important data of your mobile phone including Contacts, SMS, Photos, Music, etc.
You authorize GP to assume that any person using the Site with your password and user name either is you or is someone authorized to act for you.
Tore Johnsen said, "I am delighted to take over the helm for Grameenphone, one of the most admired companies in Bangladesh and the leading telecom operator."
To ensure best network and service for our valued customers we have invested BDT 116 crores during this quarter mainly in capacity and quality of network.
The Shareholders as of the record date of 2nd November 2010 will be entitled for this dividend, which will be distributed within the timeframe stipulated by the regulators.
Before attacking the innocent people in Dhaka city, the Pakistan military had either killed or arrested all the Bengali officers in the army and disarmed the rest.
Every time we used to go to jail to visit father it would seem that we would be sadder than he was when we left him.
Fortunately, as it appears, the bank manager did not report this rather unusual transaction immediately to the attention of the Iraqi authorities, who would certainly have been curious.
After concluding that there are no mother tongues, only first tongues, Louis-Jean Calvet says: Nevertheless, the great majority of European cultures use the same image to describe the first language.
It is also reported that two security agencies of Bangladesh government, namely DGFI and NSI, do also secretly conduct opinion polls, the results of which are known only to government.
Prime Minister’s Press Secretary Abul Kalam Azad in a press statement said, foreign minister had telephoned Prime Minister on Saturday 15 January 2011 at 9:30 am (BST).
Here, given the multi-faceted and cross-border aspects of migration costs, it would be important to take collective action to help regulate and combat unethical recruitment practices.
Capital dredging would keep rivers on natural course, deepen them to hold more water, restrict flooding, reduce flood damages, reclaim inundated arable lands, and keep them navigable.
It is now obvious that only by mobilizing and optimizing our synergies, it is possible for us to create a world of shared peace and prosperity.
Amendment of rule 246 was adopted by the 4th Parliament on 11th May 1988 and it was published in the Bangladesh Gazette Extra-ordinary on the same day.
Ambassador Qader expressed his hope that the planned field visits in Bangladesh would expose to the study group the resilient and hard-working nature of the Bangladeshi people.
In meeting held at the Washington Hilton, they discussed about the proposed construction of the training centers at district Headquarters in Bangladesh under the auspices of the Ministry of labour.
I tried to wipe it away but Aru Apa wiped my face with the end of her sari and suddenly noticed my eyes were filled with tears.
Leonardo Da Vinci was born in 1452 B.C. in a small village named Anchiaro, 60 miles away from Florence of Italy in a small town called Vilti.
To cope with the challenges of the fast changing world and to lead Bangladesh to the doorstep of development and prosperity, a well educated and skilled population is needed.
In the legislative assembly of that State, a bill could not be passed due to lack of support of 140 members out of a total of 210.
Secondly, local self-government system is understood as formed by the elected local representatives and empowered body by law in order to meet the local needs for smaller regions.
Those who violated the law and discipline openly and do harm to the lives and assets of the people, they might not be pardoned by any means.
To cope with the challenges of the fast changing world and to lead Bangladesh to the doorstep of development and prosperity, a well educated population is needed.
The organizations that control the standard of the products may let the consumers to know the qualities and standards of different kinds of products after analyzing them.
View card, Post card – We get the pictures of famous places, personalities, important agricultural and industrial goods, handicrafts, natural scenery etc. in a view card or a postcard,.
Unless the law of a country approves someone as adult with the age less than 18 everyone of that country will admit this declaration of the UN.
We also need to consider if the patient is allergic to any particular food or if there is threat of creating complications in patient’s body for taking any particular food.
If we look at our dresses, we will find that some of our dresses are made with simple fabric and some of them are made with designed fabrics.
If it is a dyed cotton or a dyed linen cloth soak the cloth in mild hydrogen per-oxide and sodium hypo-sulphite solution for a while.
Out of three quantities if the ratio of first and second quantities and the ratio of second and third quantities are mutually equal, then the proportion is called continued proportion.
To know the position of a student in seating arrangement in a class-room, his position along a horizontal line as well as along a vertical line is to be known.
The Credit Rating Agency of Bangladesh Limited (CRAB) awarded the bank an A1 rating in the long term and ST-2 rating in the short Term in 2008.
Perhaps in retrospection on the voluminous work done Burgess also, like Cunningham, thought that a large survey organisation is not required to do the remaining work.
When my rickshaw came near Malitola a loaded truck rushed from behind at a very high speed, overtook my rickshaw and hit the rickshaw in my front.
I, therefore, pray and hope that your honor would be kind enough to look into the matter and pass necessary orders so that these reference books are purchased immediately.
It is because of dish-antenna that we sitting in our own drawing room, can enjoy a football or a cricket match played on the other side of the globe.
Being influenced by the satellite TV, the terrorists, dacoits and anti-social elements become active and let loose the reign of terror in society doing anti-social activities.
In the circumstances stated above, I hope that you would be kind enough to give me an opportunity to face the interview to prove my competence for the post.
Last week I took part in a tea party that was thrown by one of my bosom friends to celebrate the victory of Bangladesh football team over India in the SAF Games.
At present schedule banks, Grameen Bank, BCIC and some other Non-government Organizations give capital to help the people set up small and cottage industries in rural areas so that they can get to manage self-employment.
It is said of Newton that shortly before his death be remarked that he was like a child gathering pebbles on the sea-shore, while the vast ocean of truth lay unexplored before him.
Such applicants shall produce a certificate from their respective Head of Department or Organization to the effect that the items to be imported are for their actual use and not for sale.
20. School leavers and elderly people can be turned into competent manpower by designing evening and short courses of vocational or diploma curricula with the use of the facilities of vocational education institutes.
In this education policy, business studies has been treated as an integrated formation of necessary branches of knowledge that are required to conduct the activities of industries, trade and services organizations.
Some measures are to be ascertained in matters of recruitment of quality teachers, improvement of the teachers, capacity development of the teachers already recruited and in order to guarantee optimal utilization of limited national resources.
If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
As a Shadow Minister for International Development, I am pleased to see that the UK Government has said it will honor our international aid commitment to spend 0.7 percent of GNI as aid.
I could exercise so much restraint when offered a sum as huge as fifty crore taka and yet was now being blamed for succumbing to the relatively modest sum of five crore taka.
We hope to work closely with them in the next phase, that is, in putting together effective reintegration programmes to ensure sustainable livelihood options for the large number of the returnees.
The teachers and students were jointly trying to mold public opinion about creating honorable posts for the painters in different institutions of the government, necessity of paints in different institutions etc.
More importantly keeping the body clean, taking regularly necessary food, taking proper medical treatment when sick, wearing suitable dress in accordance with weather, doing limited labour, physical exercise and rest are specially remarkable.
It makes students expert and tactful to reach ultimate goal by using limited asset, helps them to fight against unexpected incidents in house-hold and outside by solving various problems in house hold environment.
A disabled child is often the victim of rebuke and scorn as they do not understand things properly and they are often made fun of and given names like mad, mute, retarded, daft head etc.
Materials- The materials that we will need for block printing are – a wooden table, a tray for mixing colours, colour, blocks of different shapes, an old blanket, brush, a piece of Markin cloth etc.
N.B.: To find the square root by division method, if the last digit can not be in pair for of forming pairs from right side, it has to be considered without pair.
Then the obtained marks will be considered one by one and then a tally mark is placed in a column on the right of the first mark put in the class.
Though it is possible to study this subject in any country, the latest facilities are not fully available in our country and moreover the syllabus is not also up to date.
We, the sufferers of the town through your esteemed daily would like to draw the attention of the concerned authority in this matter to take necessary action against these anti-social elements.
Here the humble girl has been glorified in a manner that she has become an extraordinary source of beauty and music being merged with the sights and sounds of nature under the poet’s uncommon fancy’s Shine.
For this purpose, awareness may be created among the general mass about the bad effects of cultural assault and the government may stop telecasting the harmful satellite TV programs to save the nation from the cultural assault.
"Let us all try to test this model of people's empowerment which I believe has the potential to transform our world of seven billion people into one where our future generations may prosper and live in happiness," she said.
Unless there is specific provision in the relevant loan agreement or project agreement concluded with the foreign donors for import on CIF basis, no import shall be allowed on CIF basis without prior approval from the Ministry of Commerce.
The representative of Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission, shall on receipt of information, collect such sample from the Sample Room on the same morning and shall make arrangement for sending reports to the Sample Room after proper examination of the sample.
If a consignment of imported goods is detained by the Customs Authority, the concerned importer may apply to the Chief Controller of Imports and Exports with a prayer to issue instruction to the Customs Authority for clearance of the consignment.
26.7.3 Other terms and conditions shall be notified by the Chief Controller in due course and L/C for import of second-hand clothing may be opened only by the selected importers on the basis of such notification.
4. This schooling will include the instructional programs of the mosques, temples, churches and pagodas presently being conducted by the Ministry of Religious Affairs, which seek to impart religious teachings with alphabetical knowledge and modern education with moral lessons.
At the same time, appropriate steps to acquire knowledge will be taken so that the students will get competencies in different branches of knowledge and sciences and will be able to add qualitatively in those areas.
13. The training programs, designed for creating efficient teachers appointed for performing different duties at different types of educational institutions (primary, secondary, higher education, technical, vocational and for the disabled) will include various courses of diverse contexts.
7. At present, private tuition and coaching centers have become rampant in the country due to various malpractices and incongruities in the traditional education system and the erosion of moral values of a section of teaching community.
Fredrik Baksaas said, “With the ambition of connecting the whole of Bangladesh, the Telenor Group expects that the Bangladeshi authorities will establish clear and fair rules for license renewal and for the upcoming 3G license process."
Some people who have been driven out by their guardians because of their dubious natures have been busy forming parties with the help of funds provided by the government and making ill use of the country’s finances.
After independence of Bangladesh in 1971, a significant number of initiatives and institutional measures have been taken by father of the nation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman to eliminate gender discrimination in every sector of the country.
(2) A question may be addressed to a private member provided the subject-matter of the question relates to some Bill, resolution or other matter connected with the business of the House for which that member is responsible;
The durability of colour and brightness of a carpet made of artificial fiber is more, such as, colour and brightness of the carpets made of nylon and polyester are durable and they are also cheaper in price.
From all these, we can understand that after taking food some activities are happened inside the body and as a result body gets nutrition, remains healthy, we feel hungry and once again we take food to satisfy our appetite.
(6) If a point is put on after every alternate digits of a number starting from right to the left, the number of points will be same as the number of digits in the square root.
In fact, the danger to life has grown so serious that if a person out on the street is late to return, his family gets upset and starts making inquires in the hospitals and police outposts.
Sir, With reference to your advertisement published in The Daily Star on 20 December 2010, I have the honor to offer myself as a candidate for the above mentioned post and enclosing my resume with this letter.
Although some generational differences have existed throughout history, because of more rapid cultural change during the modern era, differences between the two generations increased in comparison to previous times, particularly with respect to such matters as musical tastes, fashion, culture and politics.
It is because of the wrong steps of the majority of our student leaders that the evils like terrorism in the campus, unscheduled closure of institutions, session jam, cramming and copying in the examination halls have struck firm roots in the seats of learning.
Although these elderly commentators have gained popularity during their youth youth, presently, due to old age and lack of sight, sitting in the commentary box they can not properly identify the field players and failing to give commentary on the series speed due to lack of memory.
Will you sing for me?
That was great.
Hi, kids.
Honey, I couldn't believe it.
What a transformation of you.
Thanks, but please stop.
- Don't be home too late.
- Okay. Thanks.
Okay, okay.
- You really showed well.
- I did my best.
Your acting didn't suck either.
- I got to go now. Stay well.
- Okay.
- Landon, you were marvelous!
- Thank you.
Landon? Fine performance, son.
- What are you doing here?
- I thought we'd get a bite.
- I'm not hungry.
- Don't walk away.
You taught me how.
Oh, my God.
Look who's here.
Don't look at him.
You don't want to stare too much.
I guess he doesn't want to sit with us.
- People can see.
- That would ruin your reputation how?
What's that?
I'm reading books on Rothman's list of contemporary American authors.
- And how many books are there?
- A hundred.
But then there's his British list and his European list.
So is this on your list,
to read all these books?
Jamie, I'm trying here, okay?
Maybe...
Maybe I miss spending time with you.
- Maybe you inspire me.
- Sounds like bull.
- Which part?
- All of it.
- It's not.
- Prove it.
Jamie!
- You've no idea how to be a friend.
- I don't just want that.
- You don't know what you want.
- You're scared someone wants you.
- Why would that scare me?
- You couldn't hide behind books...
...or your fricking telescope,
or your faith.
No. You know the real reason why you're scared?
It's because you want to be with me too.
We gonna get this party jumping!
Can you turn down Soul Train?
Some of us are trying to work.
You really know how
to bust a robot's groove.
It's all good because we'll get Club
Landon and Club Eric jumping now.
What we got here?
Okay, okay, you're not feeling my
hip-hop, but what the hell is this?
Jamie lent it to me.
You're listening to her people's music.
- Her people?
- Yeah...
...her Bible-hugging,
crucifix-wearing...
...honk-if-you-love-Jesus people.
- She's not like that.
- Well...
...you got Belinda thinking
that little lip action...
...between you and Jamie
was kind of real.
What's with you? You don't have time
for your real friends anymore.
I don't know, buddy. I'm just over it.
I'm sick and tired of doing the same shit all the time.
This girl's changed you,
and you don't even know it, man.
- Let me guess, Belinda say that too?
- No.
I did.
You.
Me.
What is it?
I got you something.
Thank you.
Well, I'll see you at school.
Okay.
- Mr. Carter.
- Later, Reverend.
Boys like that...
...they have...
They have expectations.
You know the rules around here aren't going to change.
Fine.
You might not care what I say or think...
...but you should care about God's opinion.
I think he wants me to be happy.
Dad, it's just a sweater.
I'm going to make us some dinner, okay?
I talked to your dad today.
Said he saw you at the play for 10 seconds.
Sending a check once a month doesn't exactly make him my father.
- Landon, there are a lot of reasons-
- He left us.
You need to forgive him too.
Jamie Sullivan! Oh, me, oh, my,
look at Jamie Sullivan.
She was looking all right in that play.
She was not looking hot.
Yeah, I would have to say during the play, 
she looked hot.
I have the best idea.
Can you do something, like, move a bit from here?
Maybe move it around a little something here.
Take one.
Let me stop it for little bit.